(5.0, (u'0802132758', u"Ever wonder whether you were the hero of your life or just a minor character in someone else's?Stoppard explores this premise brilliantly in this revisiting of Shakespeare's Hamlet, this time seen through the eyes of two bit-players in that great drama: Rosencrantz &amp; Guildenstern, hapless drifters caught in a whirl of fate and trying to figure out their place in the universe.With dialogue that cracks like a whip and a truly dizzying plot, we follow these two curious men attempt to make sense of the strange dramatic world into which they've been thrust. As this play weaves into &amp; back out of Shakespeare's original, we are treated to a dazzling display of slapstick existentialism.Stoppard has created a contemporary classic that is every bit as entertaining as it is disturbing"))
(5.0, (u'B000000LWZ', u"It was while driving on Highway 83, heading off to work, that I first came into contact with the voice of Mary Black. There I was driving along, humming, meandering among my thoughts whle traveling the blacktop when over the radio poured out a voice smooth as water with a depth and beautiful tonality that grabbed at my heart from the first note. Her &quot;Song of Ireland&quot; which is featured on this C.D. is not only my favorite song of hers but my favorite song of all. The words, the music, the melody line, and finally her voice combine to create not just a song but an experience. I was transported and frozen deep in listening while driving in the early morning traffic. Even after the last note dissapeared and I had scrambled to jot down the name of this amazing singer as the D.J. announced it, her song, her voice, stayed with me making my day that much brighter, more perfect, certianly more enjoyable.  Mary Black's voice is an experince no true music lover should be without and I highly recommend this C.D. END"))
(5.0, (u'6304071841', u"I thought the way they used symbolism in this movie  was incredible!  The most obvious was the water, which some people hated, but I thought it was very emotionally pulling.  Leonardo DiCaprio is, dare I say it, one of the best, if not THE best actor of my generation. He stays true to his reputation in the modernization of this classic.  We have to remember that when Shakespeare  used this language, the phrases were not cliches, as they  are now.  Leonardo and Claire Danes display the freshness  and vitality that the words originally had. I do have to say,  however, that the music is so loud at some points, you can hardly hear the words.  All around it's an excellent  piece. END"))
(5.0, (u'B000005KU6', u"The songs on  Going Public have a good beat and good tunes. but also ahve very valuable messages.  I'd like to thank Peter Furler, Jody Davis, John James, Kevin mills, and Dunny Phillips for taking a stand for Jesus and helping a lot of kids along.  It can't be easybeing so public about Christ, but here these men are helping kids along wiht it to.  While teh rest of the worl was doing the macerena, we were al doing the &quot;Shine&quot;.  I want to let all teh Newsboys know that I am trying to shine and be public about my faith in Christ.  Thanx guys. END"))
(5.0, (u'630197834X', u"This was the first Vivien Leigh movie I've seen other than Gone With the Wind and, although I was a bit afraid that I'd be dissapointed by her acting after her flawless performance as Scarlett O'Hara, my reaction to Waterloo Bridge was the exact opposite of what I'd feared it would be.The story takes place in London during World War I. Myra Lester, a ballet dancer (Vivien Leigh)  and Roy Cronin, a military captain (Robert Taylor) have a chance meeting on Waterloo Bridge  during an air raid, and it is &quot;love at first sight.&quot; They attempt to get married but it is not to be, for Roy is called away before they can. Myra and her friend Kitty are kicked out of ballet class and are forced to fend for themselves. Believing Roy to be dead, and being destitute, Myra turns to prostitution. However, he returns from the war, alive after all, and takes Myra to his country home in Scotland, where the couple is soon to be wed. But Myra, not wanting to dishonor Roy, finds that she cannot marry him. She returns to London and there, at Waterloo Bridge, kills  herself. However, Roy, dicovering what she'd been hiding from him but moments too late, vows  to always love her and never forget her.Although this movie ends tragically, it is definitely not one to be missed. The storyline is well thought out and the acting superb. The main characters are also well-defined. Myra is a sweet,  lovable girl whom demands your compassion, while Roy is the perfect man--sensitive, handsome,  and rich. ;^) From the very beginning you become entangled in the lives of the two people and the  undying love they have for one another.Although lesser known then some, Waterloo Bridge is a classic. It shows how war can devastatingly change the lives of ordinary people and depicts true love and honor in every respect.END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003YSX', u'This album is not of what one would usually refer to as &quot;music.&quot;  The liner notes themselves say, &quot;experimental sounds never imagined possible from just voice and microphone.  An absolute classic.&quot;  This perfectly summarizes the album.  Imagine, if you will, a man who sings for Faith No More and Mr. Bungle making noises with his mouth at 2 AM in the morning in some of the finer hotel rooms in the world (along with a Best Western or two thrown in).  If you like to hear odd noises, or if you wish to show that person who thinks they know art just what art is, buy this CD. Warning: Persons without open minds towards the definition of &quot;music&quot; will be highly annoyed by this CD, to the point of their heads exploding.  END'))
(5.0, (u'6300271765', u"Of course, in consideration of Egyptology, this story does have some vague accurate references to Egyptian history. Also the base line of the story about the antiquity black market can only be the tip of the iceberg. But the story itself is a good one. Frank Langella's character is intense and very appropriate for his stature and persona. Lesley Anne Down also plays her role well, but I've often wondered if they picked her for that role because she screamed well.  The cinematography is very well done. The sights of Ancient Egypt are very awe-inspiring. The props used for the scenes are some of the best remakes of antiquities that I've ever seen. The movie made me want to jump on a plane to Egypt immediately.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6300248550', u"This wonderful version of Jane Eyre even out does the powerful Orson Welles version. This Jane (Zelah Clarke) is no weakling and, indeed, has a fine mind and firm grasp on her passions. While long (approx. 6 hours on two cassettes), it thoroughly covers the classic novel and gives it life. Purists may think that Timothy Dalton is almost too good looking to be Rochester - it's no wonder that Jane falls for him!  A lovely BBC production - too bad it's video and not film. Watch it on a cold winter weekend (with tea, of course) and enjoy!Edited to update: This wonderful version is now available on DVD. The quality of the video tape shows its age but the overall production is still wonderful."))
(5.0, (u'630237250X', u"How you describe yourself within America's popular culture machinery usually secures something we can see but never feel. This said, how can you describe the works of Dylan without the use of all five senses? Here we see him move, hear his voice, perhaps feel his presence, but never come to true terms with him because he never allowed us to and that can just frustrate you to all hell as you through down your thoughts and scream, &quot;But I wanted to KNOW the man!&quot; This answer to &quot;Hard Days Night&quot; is Dylan in England for a few days of candid camera. But if nothing else, it was Dylan's chance to ask his public not to emulate their leaders over their own head.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H2H', u"Released on November 23 1984, Metallica's second offering has stood the test of time to become one of the best thrash metal albums ever released, surpassed only by their following album &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; and possibly Slayer's &quot;Reign in Blood&quot;.On an album which contained no poor track a number of the songs remain on the bands live setlist to this day. Tracks such as &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; and &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; show Metallica at their blistering best, while other songs such as the ballad &quot;Fade to Black&quot; display Metallica's ability to write good slower and more melodic tunes. &quot;Creeping Death&quot; , a personal favourite, more or less defines the thrash metal genre while &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; shows that heavy doesn't necessairly mean fast. The final cut &quot;The Call of Ktulu&quot; is one of the hightlights of the album. An instrumental, which was written by Metallica and former band member and present frontman for Megadeth, was supposedly inspired by HP Lovecraft novels.Overall this album formed one of the cornerstones in trash/speed metal genre, and to anyone who likes that particular type of music and doesn't already have this album, then rush out and buy it now!!Diarmuid  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000020C4', u"With a stellar cast culled from the various productions of what is now &quot;The Most Popular Musical in the World,&quot; this recording soars loftily -- far above all the albums that has preceded it.Colm Wilkinson once again voices the character of Jean Valjean.  His tenure with the role and his years of hiatus from performing Valjean onstage lends his concert rendition both an element of pristine freshness and the quality of superbly aged wine.Phillip Quast, who wasThenardier in the Original London Cast, now plays  Javert.  His &quot;Stars&quot; and &quot;Javert's Suicide&quot; surprisingly depicts Javert as human;  his characterization is deeply moving.  The ill-fated Fantine is sang by Ruthie Henshall, who has both the crystalline voice of the actor who had originated the role on Broadway and the aria-power of Patti Lupone (Original London Les Miz, Evita).  As the only actor who incorporates a Parisienne accent in this concert, she adds a unique feel to the recording.Lea Salonga, London and Broadway's Miss Saigon, is easily the most memorable Eponine ever.  Her emotional clarion is unsurpassed as she wrenches her heart out in the various solos, duets and counter-points that she sings.  Michael Ball (London's Original Marius) and Judy Kuhn (Original Broadway Cast, and Disney's animated Pocahontas) excellently captures the turmoil and confusion of passion which they successfully crystallize to love.The ensemble of over 250 people led by Michael Maguire (Enjolras in Original Broadway Production) makes this recording a definite must-have.  Rather that being merely another soundtrack, this album is an experience in itself.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000005EAP', u"As a world premier, this CD's creators were naturally under great pressure: by performing for the first recording ever, Koopman and the Amsterdam Baroque Orchestra must set a great, unforgettable precedent for all others to follow.They don't disappoint.  Biber's flamboyant yet austere, magniloquent yet humble Requiem comes forth in all of its glory.  The strains of the Te Decet Hymnus in the opening, the hauntingly beautiful Lacrimosa, the emotion packed Quam Olim Abrahae, and the light, celestial Sanctus-the recording has brought forth what Biber must have intended when he wrote his Requiem.The Vesperae are also performed almost impeccably,  though there could be room for more smoothing over in the Magnificat.  The Orchestra follows with the voices in the Dixit Dominus perfectly, accenting them with blares of horns and brass.  The phrases of Generationes in the Magnificat movement are voiced through with such perfect clarity both heaven and earth seem to join in that moment.This is a truly great recording.  It warrants listening over and over again.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B00000JL6V', u"I don't think it is necessary for me to wax poetic about the beautifully rendered graphics that appears in &quot;Riven&quot;. Those who have seen Myst will expect them, and &quot;Riven&quot; doesn't disappoint. The live action sequences, especially the haunting scenes of natives relatively early in the game, are well done, and serve to draw you into Riven even more than Myst. (It is interesting to see the remarkable progression of the quality of the graphics from &quot;Spelunx&quot; to &quot;Myst&quot; to &quot;Riven&quot;)  The puzzles in &quot;Riven&quot; are more difficult than in &quot;Myst&quot; largely because they require you to move between the islands (and are reminiscent of those in a similar game, &quot;The Dig&quot;). However, since the puzzles are built along the same principles as in &quot;Myst&quot;, those who solved &quot;Myst&quot; should be able to solve these, too."))
(5.0, (u'1895404770', u"What color was Vivaldi's hair?  Why do Venetians fill egg shells with perfume?  The only Christmas gift from a parent to a child that would be more valuable than Vivaldi's The Ring of Mystery would be the parent who listens to the story with the child.  Parents will reward their children and themselves with this entertaining and informative mystery about Katarina, a young girl sent off to an all-girl orphanage in Venice, where Vivaldi is musical director.  With the help of Giovanni, the gondolier, she searches all Venice during the festival for clues about her own mysterious past.  Katarina tells her own story and interweaves it with more than 25 excerpts of the greatest music of her teacher, Vivaldi.  The story and music are best enjoyed by parent and child on a cold Winter's evening in front of a warm fire!  Or perhaps on a bright Spring morning in a field of flowers!  Or on a warm Summer's night under a sky full of stars!  Or on a blustery Fall afternoon overlooking an angry sea!  Whatever the season, children will forever remember the first time they listened to The Four Seasons and heard the story of Vivaldi's Ring of Mystery."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VDL', u"Someone please revive this collection of stories, poems, and songs!  On the rare occasion that I find a copy at the library, I check it out.  Then, I read it to every kid (and adult) I know.  Even the snottiest little girls love &quot;Me First.&quot;  This book made such an impact on me, and I'd love to have a copy for my children.  It offers invaluable lessons on love, service, manners, family, friends, feelings, and finding (and being true to) yourself.  _Free to be You and Me_ treats a number of issues in a smart, fun way and offers something for everyone.  Somewhere, there's also a video for this.  I remember watching it as a youngster.  The video and audio versions include Marlo Thomas, Dustin Hoffman, Alan Alda, Michael Jackson, and some big football player who's not afraid to cry.  (Now I'll be singing the songs for the rest of the day!)  END"))
(5.0, (u'B00000JL6V', u"I've already said it all. But More ?  Yes, this is the Game to get your hands and Mouse on next. None before has had the visual presentation of Riven. Even the sound is far better than anything you are likely to have encountered yet. From the very start the intrigue is foremost and doesn't let up with the puzzles. How long does it take to determine the Base 5 system ?  Does every lever and button do something cruical ? Come along and find out.  I picked up this game and started right away. 4 hours a day and 14 days later I was on my way to safety.  You can't have this much fun in front of a T.V. Congrat's to the designers.  Simply Amazing"))
(5.0, (u'6304301235', u"Being a devoted Ab Fab fan from the beginning I greeted the news of a new movie with elation as well as a little reservation. Many a time has a great little show been ruined by the move to the big screen. Not so in this case however. Without doubt the best thing to come from the U.K. since Monty Python's Flying Circus! This video combines the wayward charm of the original series' with a completely new and refreshing exploration of the London &eacute;lite. It is perhaps true to say that a prior knowledge of the life's and personalities of the characters is required to fully appreciate the films quirky brilliance. To those that have already been indoctinated into the Saudersesque cult though, this is clearly the pinnacle, defining Absolutely Fabulous episode. If you haven't seen this one yet, get moving because you don't know what you're missing!  END"))
(5.0, (u'6304509103', u"Also see reviews for the book it was based on - &quot;The Hunger&quot; by Whitley Strieber (also author of &quot;Communion&quot;).  Overall, it is a very dark, artistic, and beautiful alternative to traditional vampire stories.  The setting is modern times and portrays vampirism more as a disease then spiritual, such as Dracula or Lestat.  The conflict of the story comes from an internal demise inherent to one of the vampires, not from normal humans.  During which time the movie explores vampire lifestyles.  The movie is not an action film, but a psycological thiller that (at the time) went beyond normal vampire tradition.  The cinema photography and soundtrack (classical at times) creates a beautifully dark and haunting atmosphere the enhances the storyline.  A &quot;must see&quot; for any vampire connoisseur. I'm not qualified to rate Bowie's performance, however he was very convincing.  He was not the primary star of the movie, but plays a critical (and short) role.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6304123523', u"This TV animation series opened up many disputes among the fun just after the ending of the series. It starts rather lightly, getting deeper and deeper on the process, and then ended in a halfway, never giving answers to many questions they threw to the viewers... The director Anno and his team, GINAX, promised to answer the unsolved questions in their theater version in the summer of 1997, and released two theater version, still it cannot satisfy the fan waited so long...  Many books on &quot;studying Evangelion&quot; are published, and more comics by amateur comic artists inspired by this animation are published (many of these comics are adult version though...). Intellectuals are trying to comment on the &quot;Evangelion syndromes&quot; among the young generation in Japan.  This is a story of a 14-year-old boy who destinized to save the earth by operating a human-being type robot named Evangelion or Eva. Shinji, the hero is an apathetic junior-high student who was deserted his father. One day, his father invite to join him and he visited his father only to confront to participate in Evangelion project. Just the day of the arrival, he was forced to confront the enemy, called &quot;apostle&quot; in gigantic robot named Evangelion...  I'm interested in this animation why it attracted so many Japanese youth. Apathetic Shinji tells himself, &quot;Never escape! Never escape!&quot; He is very awkward to build human relations but he tries his own way... Maybe it's the self-image of Japanese youth, and also myself...  With quick tempo of the events and deep insights, you never regret to see it!  END"))
(5.0, (u'0767827651', u"Bye Bye Birdie is a delicious slice of musical Americana from a seemingly far less complicated era - the early 1960's.  Based on a hit Broadway musical, the story concerns the national upheaval occasioned by the drafting into the army of an Elvis-Presley type rock and roll star, Conrad Birdie.  The film is a good-natured parody of rock and roll, publicity gimmicks, live television, the generation gap, and the teenage culture of the 1950's.  This is the movie that made Ann Margret a star, and it does so quite brilliantly.  The stage show was completely rewritten to showcase her in the comely role of Kim McAfee, the lucky Ohio teenager who gets to bestow a symbolic farewell kiss on Conrad Birdie as he departs for the service.  Paul Lynde, (later familiar to TV audiences from his long, humorous reign in the Center Square on The Hollywood Squares) repeats his Broadway role as Kim's exasperated father and gets to immortalize his lament in the hilarious song &quot;Kids&quot;!  Dick Van Dyke also reprises his Broadway role, charmingly paired with the versatile, often underrated,  Janet Leigh.  The film is colorful and cinematically innovative, the tuneful score well delivered by an able cast including teenie bopper idol Bobby Rydell.  All in all, fun for the whole family, and viewed today, an enjoyable &quot;period piece&quot;.  (Incidentally, Conrad Birdie, for all his resemblance to Elvis Presley, seems to have been more closely modeled on the one-time rock and roller Conway Twitty, who later became a popular Country star).  They don't make 'em like this anymore!  No-strings cinematic fun!  END"))
(5.0, (u'0967418518', u"What inspired me initially to buy the video of...Annabelle's wish was the fac it was narrated by my...favorite country artist, randy Travis.  I was...really not sure how much I would get out of it...because I just happen to be totally blind and not...sure how much visual would be required to truly...enjoy it....Not only was it easy to follow even for some-...one with out sight but I loved the story as I felt...It uplifts the spirit giving hope that miracles...really can happen and reams really do come true....Too, I felt the acters did a tremendously...great job...in representing the characters each portrayed....Not only would I recommend it to others, I have.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6300216055', u"As a fifth grade teacher, I have found this book to be an excellent choice as a class novel.  Almost every young person fantasizes at some time what it would be like if he/she would strike out on his own to survive in the wilderness.  Most students, therefore, enjoy learning the numerous ways Sam, the main character, adapts to a life of self-sufficiency in a forest in the Catskill Mountains.Students also appreciate that the novel lends itself to ways of evaluating their comprehension beyond the typical &quot;quiz-discussion-book report method&quot; that often does little to promote a love of reading.  Our class has had fun as each student used clay, grass,leaves, rocks and sticks to build his/her own idea of how Sam's treehouse might look, as each student wrote his/her own diary in which he/she explained how he/she used some of Sam's own survival techniques to survive in a wilderness adventure, and as each student wrote and illustrated an &quot;ABC&quot; book that showed 26 important aspects of the book.We also really enjoyed finding the book in Amazon's website.  My students like reading other people's reviews of the book, and appreciate being able to add their own as follows: Brian Billman-I gave this book an 8 becauseI learned how to survive in  the wilderness,but there was not enough action.  Heidi Bonnes-I give this story a 3 because Ididn't like how the author jumped from time to time.I also didn't like how it was written in first person.  Kerstin Noelle Brooks-I give this book a 10 because I liked how Sam made the clothes and I also liked when he was brave enouph to fight the mother falcon.I rated it a 10 because he had interesting tools and it was interesting when he met the English teacher and didn't over-react to him.He just acted normal.My favorite part was when Sam took the falcon for a pet.You should buy this book because it's great!!I've read it 3 times!!It's great!!!I also like how he made all of stuff.My favorite part was when the skunk sprayed him.So buy that book before it's too late!!!!  Lisa Clapp-I loved MY SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN!!!  I would rate it a 10 at the least.  I liked the survival tips, how Sam got Frightful, and once it ended, I wanted more!!!  John D-I rate this book a 1.  The reason I didn't like the book was because it was in diary form.  It would have also been better if it had more excitement.  Alison F-I would givethe book an 8 because I liked Frightful. Frightful is a perigrine falcon that Sam trained. She is exciting and good at hunting.  Kristy F.-I thought this book was unrelalistic because most parents wouldn't let their child runaway.  If you ask your parents to runaway I don't think they would say you could.  Also it jumped around from thing to thing.  I rated this book 3.  I thought it was boring,too.  Laura G.-I give this story a 9 , because it has alot of survival technigues and it has very good action.I feel the book was exciting.  Janette Kielmeyer-I gave the book a 4, because I did not like the way the author jumped from time to time in the book. I did not like the fact the parents let him run away like that.  R.M  From my opinion,I Hated the book. It  would be better if it had more acition. If bando  was a robber that was wanted. by the police. Brad  Pendy I would give this book an 8 because I didn't like how it jumped from place to place.But I liked the rest of the book.  AmandaS.-I would give this book a 3.Because,it was unrealistic how the parents let Sam run away.I aslo thought that it needed more action.  John S.- I would give it a 3 because T thought that it was too long. Also seeing it through the eyes of Sam made it seem very dull.But all the survival techniques were okay.  Amber T.- I would rate it a 7. I liked the part when Sam climbs a towering cliff to claim a baby falcon, for a pet. If it had more action, I think it would have been more interesting.  Kelly W.- I would rate this book a 3 because I didn't like how he jumped from time to time. I also didn't like how he wrote in his diary so much.  Andy W -I think it was a good book because you learn  about survival in the mountains. I will read it again. I think the book was real good. I give it a 9. William White- I give it a 3 because it gave you survival techniques, but there was not much action.  Overall, it was a quality book.  Brad Christopher Williams-I would give this book an 8.  I liked the book because of the survival techniques.  I especially liked the egg boiled in a leaf.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000009QI', u"Recorded shortly before his death, this CD is comprised of bits and pieces from some of Bill's last few public performances. Simultaneously enlightening, hilarious and dark, this album follows Bill as he alternates between joking, philosophizing and telling the audience he hates them. There are also little musical interludes interspersed here and there, composed and performed by Bill as well. No sacred cows are left unslaughtered - he mercilessly skewers pro-lifers, non-smokers, Christians, Catholics, Bill Clinton, Jesse Helms, and Rush Limbaugh to name just a few. This CD illustrates why David Letterman's people decided to axe Bill's final appearance on Letterman's show at the last second. Bill was truly the Lenny Bruce of the 90's. The best comedy album I've ever heard, though obviously not for the easily offended or faint of heart."))
(5.0, (u'6304030657', u"&quot;Aeon Flux&quot; involves a distopian nation known as &quot;Bregna,&quot; populated with mentally stifled citizens, and a bordering territory, &quot;Monica,&quot; which has no legal representation in the Breen government.  Aeon Flux, a strange, intriguing, and quite deadly woman from Monica is often brought into contact with the equally strange and intriguing Trevor Goodchild, the chairman of Bregna.  Aeon could be stereotyped as a secret agent for Monica, or a mercenary, (she has acted as both) but all anyone can truly say about her is that she despises control and will always follow her own initiative, not someone else's.  Trevor could be equally misunderstood as a power-hungry despot, eager to crush free will and liberty.  Instead, he is a radical reformer, one who is dedicated to the peaceful homogenization of the Breen.  He craves control, not power, and the control of a single Breen's life is as interesting to him as the command of the masses.  Aeon and Trevor oppose each other as much as any two people could, but it is nearly impossible to logically classify either of them as good or evil.  Aeon could be good because she fights for freedom (any definition of freedom applies), but she is a callous destroyer, one who will help one man with his petty needs (she passes a fresh roll of toilet paper to a man in a stall) yet ignores the plights of a crippled man trying to save his dog.  Trevor is a reformer, a builder, and employs no gestapo to enforce his order.  It is this &quot;moral vaccum&quot; that the creator, Peter Chung, intended when he created &quot;Aeon Flux,&quot; and it is refreshing to see Trevor and Aeon disagree with each other on such philosophical issues as the flawless duplication of humans (does one person's life become worthless, because they are now &quot;extraneous, and in the end, disposable?&quot;), especially when they both claim to care for people in general, but treat them in contempt on the personal level. Of course, there are also those who merely watch the series for its lesser, baser qualities, such as the fact that Aeon is clad in nearly nothing most of the time, and the pronnounced sexual overtones in most of the episodes.  Violence, however, is not a factor (the initial 12-minute, 6-segment short &quot;Aeon Flux&quot; had TONS of people being massacred left and right, but as a satire of the heroic character) yet danger is clearly implied; you KNOW this woman is capable of the most despicable acts of violence.  As an added factor, Aeon died in all the first and second-season shorts, each death being significant to the plot: the creator could get away with her doing anything and not have people say she didn't pay for it.  The animation itself is a reason to watch the series, if you like animation for its own sake.  Chung utilizes bizzare and unlikely camera angles, pans with multiple backgrounds, and a unique charachter design (rather gaunt, yet fully expressive).  One of the shorts simply starts in the most unlikely of places: an internal view of two mouths opening in a French kiss, the tongues caressing each other like worms (yuck!) before one opens a tooth-compartment in the other's mouth, and puts a secret message in it.  Overall, I appreciate and enjoy this series.  You should not miss it if you are a psychologist, or an animation fan, or simply someone who like wierdness or distopian sagas. This video collects four randomly-selected thirty-minute episodes from the MTV series, and contains all the original shorts that spawned it on &quot;Liquid Television.&quot;  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002OK3', u"&quot;Looken for some happieness, but there is only lonilyness to be found&quot; that is one of the lyrics to a song on the greatest soundtracks in history.  This soundtrack is like no other.  It contains some of the greatest hit ever such as Little Green Bag, Stuck in the Middle with You, Coconut, and I Gotcha.  Not to mention a lot of lyrics from a great comedian, but from the movie itself.  If you have seen the movie then the soundtrack will no doubt blow you away.  If you haven't seen the movie it will still blow you away you just won't be able to remember what excellent scenes occured when the song played in the movie.  So all I have left to say is the lyrics were wrong, happiness can be found right here on this CD.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6303047564', u"The Last Unicorn is a fairy tale in the best sense of the term -- an exploration of archetypes of human existence. Featuring the voices of such talents as Angela Landsbury and Mia Farro, this film takes you on a journey &quot;to find others like me.&quot; It is a tale of innocence lost and found, of the metaphysical realities of truth and self. Deep and rich, it reveals more -- and raised more questions -- with each viewing. Children will love the amusing characters. Adults will love the underlying story, and dialogue that leaves you laughing because it captures a truth you'd perhaps never thought of. &quot;No cat out of its first fur was ever decieved by appearances, unlike human beings, who seem to enjoy it.&quot; The songs, flawlessly provided by America, underscore and deepen the threads of immortality, pain, and redemption. This is one movie for everyone.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6303238734', u"This is the autobiographical story of a famous Dutch gay dancer's boyhood in WWII Holland. The young lad meets and falls in love with an older man, a Canadian officer. This man accepts the boy's love and introduces him to sex. There is a cruel aspect to the story in that the soldier suddenly leaves the boy without any farewell or explanation, which breaks the boy's heart. But as he grows up he never forgets the man who taught him about love. A sensitive treatement of the controversial subject of a loving, consensual relationship between a boy and a man. The movie is quite true to the novel.  END"))
(5.0, (u'0780022084', u"This is the 1960's movie of the Nobel Prizewinning novel by William Golding. Filmed near Puerto Rico in black and white, it faithfully reflects the novel's themes of good and evil.A group of young British schoolboys are marooned on a tropical island during a future nuclear war. There are no adults with the boys, none of whom is over 13 years old. So the boys attempt to form a society, based on their school's rules and what little they know of adult rules of behaviour. One boy is the good one, Ralph, who attempts to form a democratic society. His nemesis is Jack, who's the party type. He forms a rival group of hunters, who are not interested in getting rescued.Eventually the groups split, leaving sensible Ralph isolated. The theme here is that the boys prefer the excitement of the hunter over that of an organized group. Then the hunter group rapidly disintegrates into savagery, all pretense of civilization falls away. At the horrific climax, the boys kill Simon in a savage attack and set the island on fire.Golding handles his themes very well. Good and evil. How thin is the line between civilization and savagery. How anarchy so easily triumphs over organization. Despair that doing one's best is not enough. Friendship, loyalty and betrayal.It is easy to see why this novel is so frequently set as high school study material. The themes are timeless and reveal more and more nuances with repeated study.See also 1992 movie version of this novel, in an Americanized and inferior version.  END"))
(5.0, (u'0783225849', u"Psycho is probably the most &quot;cinematic&quot; and arguably the best of Alfred Hitchcock's American films.  Even today, thirty-seven years after its initial release, the film is still powerful, unsettling stuff.  It's distinctly different from Hitchcock's other works, dealing as it does with unpleasant, graphic murders among ordinary, even bland, characters.  The acting, especially from the often under-rated Janet Leigh and the subtle, incisive Anthony Perkins, is uniformly above grade.  And that shower scene -- even after repeated viewings, it retains its ability to unsettle and disturb the viewer!  Refreshingly free of the complicated visual &quot;tricks&quot; and plot twists of many of Hitchcock's other films, the rather straight-forward narrative draws us in until we're hooked, then pulls the rug out from under us in the best thriller fashion.  The carefully fleshed-out characters are perhaps equalled, in Hitchcock's ouevre, only by those in &quot;Shadow of a Doubt&quot;, another film set uncharacteristically among realistic middle-class people rather than the high-society and spy types that populate so many of Hitchcock's films. Hitchcock himself was reportedly suprised by the overwhelming success of a movie he viewed, originally, as an experiment -- an attempt to bring TV production techniques and talent to a low-budget (for Hitchcock) film.  Clearly, like many artists, he underestimated his own masterpiece.  See it!  And shiver!  END"))
(5.0, (u'6300251004', u"This musical version of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol will move you to tears, have you singing along with the memorable songs, and charm you with its exquisite Dickensian sets. Albert Finney's portrayal of Ebenezer Scrooge is perfect to a T. From the opening scene in his counting house, Scrooge's poor treatment of his clerk, Bob Cratchit, convinces us that he has not an ounce of good will or love in his miserable old heart. The scene that follows Scrooge home is priceless, beginning with the song &quot;I Hate People&quot;, and continuing as Scrooge visits each person who owes him money, and they beg him for more time to pay. When Scrooge gets home, he is visited by his deceased business associate, Joseph Marley, and the special effects are quite good, especially considering this movie was made in 1970.Of the three ghosts that visit Scrooge that night (The Ghost of Christmas Past, Christmas Present, and Christmas Future), the Ghost of Christmas Present is the most fun. You'll find yourself singing along with &quot;I Like Life&quot; and laughing as Scrooge gets into the parlor game The Minister's Cat. One scene I found particularly funny was when Scrooge sits in invisibly on his nephew's Christmas party (unbeknownst to the guests), and someone asks the nephew why he always toasts the health of his Uncle Ebenezer. Scrooge nearly explodes when his nephew calls him a &quot;loathsome old carcass&quot;, but relaxes when he wraps it up with &quot;besides, I like the old fellow.&quot;The scene in hell is one of the funniest in the film, especially the surprise awaiting Scrooge in his personal chamber. I won't spoil it for you by saying any more. One note: the TV versions of this movie always cut out this entire hell scene, a big loss. Get the video!This is one of my favorite Christmas movies, and I try to catch it every year.END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003C47', u'Bone THUGS in Harmony exemplify the Art of War.  They are representative of His mightiest warriors who have been blessed with a wisdom that enables them to reach deep into elements of our society that we as a whole so easily view as the problem.  The beauty behind the lyrics is their open ministry to the world, hidden behind all the physical and superficial elements that people use to cast judgment.  Technically, the construction of RAP can be broken down into elements that allow for the compilation of lengthily explanatives that would be considered beyond our capabilities without the use of documentation.  It is a conceptual free flow that allows us to go beyond our standard memorization skills.  This for example is how Homer was able to create the "Iliad" and "Odyssey" which has 16,000 and 12,000 lines, and was from a time when reading and writing was not an available tool.  Just how the blind have an increased sense of hearing and presence, the Bone THUGS have optimized the tools they were given for the purpose He has them here to accomplish.  Musically, the mix of street beat and depeche mode industrial orchestrations provide the perfect theme to the essence of their poems.  Most of the people who listen to The Art of War will get caught up in the wonderful flow that emotes increasingly with each replay.  The poems within Art of War is delivered at a pace that forces the listener to absorb concepts. Like the parables that were spoken by Christ, the true position of your heart will determine the interpretation you will receive. However, like Christ they do this to ensure those who get reached are those who are seeking.  Throughout, each member shares in depth the trials and tribulations that they face each day in their walk with the Lord, including a beautiful confession by one of the worlds better poets who at one point was sold out.  They tell their story in rich detail that is reflective of the street life, and the prices that are paid for living as such.  They expose the driving forces behind some of today\'s premier contributors towards Satan\'s war efforts.  They also acknowledge modern day heroes who risk their global image by supporting the efforts of these so called hoods.  The primary thrust behind this collection of poetry is that He is everywhere, and if He is on our side then we are guaranteed to win.  Part of this equation is simply this, if your are not for me then you are against me.  They openly acknowledge those who have sold out to this world, and issue a challenge for them to check themselves.  The water is always hottest just before the boil, these THUGS are real and would be welcome to perform in the church of any believer who has eyes to see and hear their warnings.  As written at the end of all my email, it\'s not who you are... it\'s why you\'re who you are...  END'))
(5.0, (u'B0000029YC', u"After receiving the CD soundtrack as a gift, I popped it into my CD player.  The sounds that came out of my speakers amazed me, and I couldn't believe that someone could create something so beautiful.The main love theme sung by Celine Dion (a moving song itself) is interwoven through many of the songs on the CD, if you listen carefully, you can hear it.As each song plays, one can imagine themself as being there, seeing it happening, the music is that moving.I'd recommend this for anyone, even those who have not seen the movie, and are interested in some wonderful music for their own listening pleasure!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002ZWD', u"There are many requiems in existence.  Despite the heavily religious overtones of Roman Catholicism and the terrors of the centerpiece Dies Irae poem, the requiem mass is almost as versatile as a symphony.  Bombastic and grand comes in the form of Verdi's and Berlioz's Requiem; quite and comforting comes in the form of Faure's and Durufle's masses; but I feel that Cherubini, a not-well known composer, wrote a mass that is more akin to Mozart's: beautiful, touching, yet cold and unsettling.Cherubini wrote two settings of the requiem: this is the first.  First off, I must say that it is a truly awe-inspiring work, though it must lack the grandeur of Berlioz's Grande Messe des Mortes and the operatic mechanisms of Verdi's Messa da Requiem.  Still, Cherubini wrote a beautiful piece of music.  The opening Requiem and Kyrie inspire nothing but quiet and melancholy thoughts in the mind.  The Graduale is in my opinion the finest of its kind, a slowly shifting movement that begins uncertainly.  The Dies Irae, true to its doomsday nature, is terror-inspiring and almost overwhelming at moments.  In its Tuba Mirum, brass are called forth for the Final Judgment in a picture as vivid as Verdi's &quot;insurpassable&quot; Tuba Mirum.  The Rex Tremendae Majestatis, whilst invoking the same musical lines of Tuba Mirum, struck me the hardest here: it is nothing but the inspiring magnificence the poem demands.  Finally, Lacrimosa dies illa ends the long sequence.The Offertorium, though not extremely impressive, was not mediocre and certainly satisfying.  The Quam Olim Cherubini chose to set like many other composers, including Mozart and Biber: in a fugue.  When well performed, as here, the Offertorium becomes rather like an adventure in a musical world, for it shifts from scene to scene.  Following the Quam Olim Abrahae is the Sanctus: some call it dull, but whilst the Sanctus lacks the divine grandeur we see in such masses as the Verdi, Berlioz, and Mozart, it is not lacking in beauty.  The movement rolls out very smoothly, very &quot;rounded&quot;, and the opening strains of &quot;sanctus&quot; by the soprano are certainly well done in this recording.  The Agnus Dei concludes the work: titanic, rushing down contrasted with quiet moments of the Lux Aeterna.I found this recording to be the best out of all the recordings I have heard of Cherubini's Requiem in C.  The Corydon Singers and Matthew Best do very well in their interpretation of the mass, and they certainly don't have the pronounciation quirks (though done deliberately) and the breaking up moments of the Dies Irae that the Opus 111 recording has.  Certainly, this is a recording to hear.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6303118240', u"Totoro, in my daughter's opinion, is not just her favourite movie, but like the Velveteen Rabbit-- &quot;really real&quot;. She believes thoroughly that Totoros truly exist. Totoros are magical kami/sprite beings that perhaps only children (and adults who believe) can see. My daughter has &quot;seen&quot; Totoros (especially the big gray one, the &quot;Totoro&quot;) and they live for her moreso than Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny. We have searched high and low in Japanese grocery stores and comic book stores that sell &quot;anime&quot; (japanese animation)in the United States for Totoro dolls and &quot;Cat bus&quot; toys. As for her parents, no movie since Star Wars has transformed us in our hearts and minds, and we have enticed adults who would never even look at animation as an adult oeuvre to &quot;experience&quot; Totoro. The producer of the this movie, Miyazaki Hayao, has provided us a world where magic exists, children can be believed, and, whenever, you need help, Totoro, is there beside you. See it and it will change you!  END"))
(5.0, (u'156219724X', u'Like I said I rate this book a 10. For one thing it is an Anime type book, in Anime books expect the unexpected, the good guys die, the bad guys win.  Gall Force is a SCI-Fi book, about seven young women,a part of an all feminen race called the Solonoid, in the distant future, or as you find out later, (in the distant past). With a mission to procede to the planet Chaos The seven girls find themseves cut off from the rest of their fleet, and virtulaly defenceless from the Paranoid, (a race of green jeley like aliens in Bio-Mechanical suits) the story then takes the form of a mix of the movies ALIENS and STARWARS. As the story progresses the girls are picked off one by one, only to find themselves the pawns of a masterplan thought up by both the Solonoid and  Paranoid high command.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000002HPV', u"Bjork, Icelandic siren-songstress, does it again with a little help from her friends. Eumir Deodato, Mark Bell, and her pal Howard Bernstein,  are among her current collaborators. The songs are of one flavor, she explains, hence the title.  Backed by the Icelandic string quartet and a DJ with techno beats, her voice soars and dips, like a bird on the wing.  Poet Sjon again contributes some  lyrics: &quot;Bachelorette&quot; is their sequel to Post's &quot;Isobel&quot;: &quot;I'm a tree that grows hearts, one for each that you take.&quot; &quot;Joga&quot; is an ode to Bjork's best friend: &quot;every nerve that hurts, you heal&quot;.  Homogenic is Bjork's most personal effort to date,  and a collection of songs that leaves one insatiable for those to come.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UJQ', u"I've alwalys known Radiohead was something special.  Pablo Honey was certainly not a spectacular album, though there were some outstanding songs, a launchpad for future albums, you might say.  The Bends drew upon classic rock for inspiration and managed still to sound wholly new.  The blueprints for OK Computer were encrypted into some of the best song on the Bends such as &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, &quot;Nice Dream&quot;, &quot;Just&quot;, &quot;My Iron Lung&quot; and &quot;Street Spirit&quot;.  The band made a hyper-jump into the future to record the magnificent and stunning OK Computer.  I hear people often say that there should have been an album between OK Computer and the Bends, I respond by asking them if they have heard the song &quot;Talk Show Host (R&amp;J Mix)&quot;, that this one song sufficiently forges the stylistic gap between the two separately brilliant albums.  People often ask why I think OK Computer is so unique and spectacular, I ask them to name one other band that sounds like Radiohead on OK Computer, and no one ever can.  In desperation, many name bands that you can tell influenced the band, such as Pink Floyd and Sonic Youth, I concur, but the comparison heads only at the degree of influence.  OK Computer, floats from the speaker and into your head and all of your exposed skin, seeping in through your pores and leaking in a most wonderful sort of infection, that incubates while listening to the album.  When the you reach the last bars of  The Tourist, the last track on OK Computer, you begin to be overtaken by the album.  It has enough texture to steal your emotions away from you, and manipulating them to their own devices.  Ethereal sounds pulsate and lie just beneath the surface of the music.  When I saw them live, the emotive, melacholy beauty of &quot;Exit Music (for a film)&quot;, brought me to tears, I was crying for the song's subjects and because I'd never heard anything so dually sad and beautiful.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VSV', u"This book is incredible similar to the movie.  And when I say book I mean cd.  On the Cd they have the funniest parts of the movie on there and more.  &quot;I've already seen the movie buddy so why get the cd?&quot;  I would respond to this by saying &quot;You've got some attidue problem mister.  Besides during the visual part they through in some new stuff that any REAL monty python fan woudl value&quot; I won't say anymore becasue then you might want to buy this and Amazon doesn't pay me so I won't give them any free ads.  (PS Amazon- You can hire me if you want)  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001E5V', u"Before recording this Christmas album, Donna Summer was already worldwide recognized as one of the best and vocally wide ranged artist. This recording is a milestone which displays Donna's vocals at their best! Without any dance beats and with a superb orchestra and several choirs, Donna's voice burst his way out of this recording. Singing Christmas standards and some own written material, Donna recorded an Christmas album which can be put between the best Christmas recordings of recent years! The high impact is already evident when Donna starts with &quot;White Christmas&quot; and will grow to even more hights while singing &quot;O Come All Ye Faithfull&quot;, &quot;Breath Of Heaven&quot; etc. Her own songs like &quot;Christmas Is Here&quot; and &quot;Christmas Spirit&quot; match perfectly to the classic songs. Remarkable, fantastic and thrilling! This sure makes easy Christmas recordings of Diana Ross and Mariah Carey bite in the dust. And this recording will also make you feel good in other seasons! END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002AGB', u"This CD is perfect for any fan of The Who, or anyone looking to see what the fuss is all about over this band. It functions almost like a Who primer, including all of their greatest songs (with the possible exeption of &quot;Who are you&quot;) alongside their masterpiece, &quot;Tommy&quot;. This performance of Tommy is a true milestone in the evolution of the Deaf, dumb, and blind boy. It is representative of the golden age in between the original double-album released in 1969 and the disasterous Ken Russell movie. Alongside the great music, you can almost smell the cannabis in the stale air, and see Pete Townshend playing his guitar windmill-style. As close as you can come to the 60's without time travel.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002C25', u"The third and arguably the best of all three Oasis albums, this set of music shows the world class and genius of Noel Gallagher. The album was the fastest selling album since Michael Jacksons &quot;Bad&quot;, with songs like &quot;D'You know what I mean?&quot;, &quot;Don't Go Away&quot;, &quot;All Around the World&quot; and &quot;Stand By Me&quot;. Oasis once again prove themselves to be the best and biggest band in England and the one of the biggest bands in the world. Also they are fantastic live. Liams vocals on the songs are better than ever along with Paul McGuigan, Paul Arthurs and Alan White, oasis are turning them selves into greats that will &quot;Live Forever&quot; Keep up the fantastic work guys. Are you MAD FOR IT? Chris Welch  Vancouver. BC Canada  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003ZGA', u"Klank, real name Darren, is one, who in all the bad press of Industrial music, has risen to become the epitome of Christian Industrial. Klank's songs bring meaning to life, and help people to get through those extremely tough times in life. His music does not promote suicide, premarital sex, drugs, or any of the other immoral ways of the world, but promotes relying on God for help. Through his music, you get to know the real Darren, a person who has been through many, many trying times, yet keeps going on in God's light and living the way a man should live. The music of Klank is music that will live on forever in the hearts of all those who will take the time and listen closely to it.  END"))
(5.0, (u'630301139X', u"I've never been a fan of &quot;old&quot; movies, but this one is truly amazing in it's depth and scope of character study. A young man named joe bonaparte has just turned 21 and he has an oppurtunity to box and make real money, but if he boxes he can't play his violon. He may also damage his hands in the boxing ring and forever damaging his ability to play the instrument which has been his love for the better part of his life.  Joe must decide what path to follow, the one that his father has encouraged him to go forth all through his childhood or the one that will yield satisfaction for him in the present.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KCI', u"I'll never know all of the meaning written into his lyrics, but what these songs mean to me, what the music means to me, takes me away on a journey of love through the past and the future. Perhaps i wasnt ready at sixteen to understand &quot;pardon my heart&quot; or &quot;through my sails&quot; but it is music of the sincerest confession, the deepest insight, and hey he screwed up like all of us, and music is a journey to the self, to myself and yourself; and it is that i got something out of loving neil like a brother that i never had or a father that i never had. and though this music couldnt protect me from the suffering i have endured and the mistakes i have made, maybe he gave me the strength to go on alittle further. When I was homeless and wandering the streets eating out of garbage cans, he was still there giving me love enough to keep going. and when i became a doctor i still loved him and this music of ours. I am making my own music now neil, as a chiropractor, with my hands making healing music on peoples bodies, my hands press healing chords into their spines, and pain is eased. thank you neil for everything. i love you. i wish albums were alive so i could have shared a life long friendship with him. maybe i still can. but maybe in the future when we are all holograms and each of us can know everyone and we can get everything we need and the tears and the smiles will be knitted together in something real and worthwhile, then i will spend my life with neil and jimi and john and you will be able to also. i really hope so i really do. i pray for that. thats the kind of heaven we all need now.i think these thoughts are worth saving. they touch a place that makes a space that you can live in.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000005E4J', u"Some of it's secular, much of it's sacred, but Erato's recording, spanning over 300 years of some of the most harmonious and beautiful pieces of vocal music ever written, has something for almost everyone who appreciates classical music.Not only are the performances well-performed, but they also add new interpretations to some well-known pieces.  I can safely say that out of more than a dozen or so recordings, this is the most anguished singing I've heard in Barber's Agnus Dei.  The Choir of New College sings clearly.  The voices pierce in the Agnus Dei, their articulate the liturgy of Miserere mei pleasingly, but they also add some warmth into pieces like Lux Aeterna and Mendelssohn's Hear My Prayer.The tracks are very diverse here, and the order of the pieces was apparently carefully chosen.  Barber's famous (and &quot;unkillable&quot;) Agnus Dei begins.  It's a piece that has been evocative of sorrow for years (the string arrangement was played for services for such dignitaries as FDR and JFK).  The piercing notes of htE Agnus Dei then give way to Faure's magnificent Cantique, famed (like most of his other works) for its gentle feel.  Palestrina's Kyrie follows, and then we hear Mozart's Ave Verum Corpus.  Almost everyone is familiar with Bach's Jesus bleibet meine Freude, better known as Jesus, Son of Man's Desiring, and the popular wedding music sets quite a stage here.  There are lesser-known pieces like Elgar's Lux Aeterna, but we also hear Mendelssohn's Hear My Prayer.  Originally set in German, it is sung here in English.  With Tavener's Lamb, it creates a familiar setting.  The final two pieces, Faure's In paradisum, perhaps his most famous movement, and Allegri's Miserere (the only work of his to survive the modern repertoire), contrast each other.What is most notable about this collection is the fact that it skillfully weaves in and out of not only musical periods but also general emotion. Some recordings have a tendency to simply proceed from pre-Baroque to 20th Century Contemporary in order of time.  This tends to create separate &quot;islands&quot;, almost- you will get one feeling for all of the works in one period but a different one for the next.  There's no unifying, overall feel.In Agnus Dei, however, the  pieces are ordered so that even though we weave in and out of the various musical periods and styles, there is still a unifying feel.  The recording literally guides us step by step through.  Barber's &quot;anguished&quot; Agnus Dei is followed by the tranquil Cantique.  We go reverse in time, from Mozart to Bach.  From Tracks 4 to 7, it's all gentle and serene stuff: there's the Bach wedding tune, Rachmaninov's praise of Maria, and Elgar's setting of a blessing of light.  Mendelssohn's Hear My Prayer and Tavener's Lamb are all gentle and unimposing pieces.  But the piece that ends Agnus Dei: Allegri's Miserere, considered too otherworldly by the papal administration for ordinary mortals to hear, has been interpreted as a harsher and certainly more distant work.  So then what better to precede it than Faure's heavy dose of sugar, his (in his very own words) &quot;lullaby of death&quot;?  In paradisum is justly famous for its beautiful scene of heaven, and it forms a perfect neighbor to the Miserere.In all, this is an exceptional collection.  Certainly it's something the beginner can use as a stepping stone into vocal music, but also something anyone can enjoy.  One might not like the Gorecki Totus Tuus, or one may not like the Agnus Dei, or the Cantique.  Yet there is surely something in here that merits listening over and over again, and I'm sure the listener will find one for his or her taste.  But overall, just putting the CD into the player and pressing play, ignoring the &quot;skip&quot; or &quot;select track&quot; buttons, Agnus Dei will send the listener through three centuries worth of vocal music, step by step.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000029YC', u"James Horner, the writer/composer extraordinnare of the TITANIC soundtrack, lept to new bounds and changed the way music will be viewed forever.  Having to write music to fit a disaster eighty-five years prior, Horner used a delicate balance of the classic orchestrations and modern music devices to make the music breathtaking, powerful and heart-renching.  His use of the synthesizer and guitars, along with traditional bagpipes, violins and flutes, makes this soundtrack live up to the granduer of the movie itself.  The music can change from triumphant to meek, from joyful to sorrowful, in an instant.  This is a must-buy for any lover of the art of orchestration or to anyone who loves quality music.  Celine Dion's MY HEART WILL GO ON, is also one of the most powerful pieces ever written.1998 Golden Globe Award--James Horner, Best Score in A Drama1998 Golden Globe Award--Best Song in A Drama, MY HEART WILL GO ON, James Horner, Will Jennings, Celine Dion.If you have any comments, please write to the E-Mail address listed above.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H4Q', u"This may not be a book, though this CD is wonderful. Compared to most other Cure music, this is happier &amp; poppier, though songs like &quot;Why Can't I Be You&quot; (which is a great song) can really get a party started. Believe me, I've tried it. &quot;Just Like Heaven&quot; is a treasure &amp; by most Cure fans &amp; non-Cure fans seem to be the most favoured work of The Cure. I give this CD a '10' because it is really worth every penny &amp; it ranges moods from happiness to wild nonsense to melancholy (&quot;A Thousand Hours&quot; is one of those). All in all, this is really worth at least a good listen.  END"))
(5.0, (u'0767817656', u"Clive Barker has done it again!  Once again, the REAL master of horror has shown us past superstition and into reality.  Candyman is the perfect horror film for anyone!Starring Virginia Madsen as the powerfully portrayed Helen Lyle, is doing a graduate student thesis with her friend Bernadette Peters(Kasi Lemmons).  Her paper is on urban legends, which soon leads her to Cabrini Green, a ghetto residence of ganstas and poor african american families.  Here Helen finds out about Candyman(played perfectly by the horrifying Tony Todd), a african american young man who was killed in the early 1900's.  He haunts people's lives with his hook, and his poetic words.  Soon, Candyman kills everyone Helen loves because of her disbelief in him.Candyman also stars Xander Berkley, and Vanessa Williams.  See it!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000029YC', u"Until December 19, 1997, sound systems in movie theaters had only been used to try to enhance the effect of those 24 frames every second. Then Titanic opened, giving a whole new meaning to surround sound, a technology which seems to have been invented for the hauntingly mesmerizing music of this particular movie. Every note of the soundtrack reflects the beauty, glory, and tragedy of Titanic's maiden voyage, with focus on the personal aspect of the tragedy. Just listening to the CD brings the tears you had when you were watching the movie back to your eyes. You will definitely relive the now famous bow kissing scene listening to &quot;Rose&quot;.  END"))
(5.0, (u'0811815331', u"Hi, I'm Francesca and writing Mangia, Little Italy! was quite a feat, because I had to deal with my grandma Josephina who didn't want her recipes revealed. To me, she's the best cook and storyteller in the world. Each chapter of my book begins with how food was bought and made in Sicily 100 years ago today, and how it was bought and made when Grandma arrived in New York's Little Italy in 1922. For example, I explain that the first ices were only made in the winter in Sicly when snow was available, by pouring fruit syrups over them, and ice cream was only available at the local pastry store -- these foods were never made in the home, since there was no refrigeration. In Little Italy, the first snow fall was anxiously awaited so children could once again collect snow off the firescape and make ices. Now this is known as snow cones... there's some history for you. I also included wonderful tales from the past, such as The Curse of the Woman in the Red Dress, and Chickens that Turn into Gold, a wonderful fairytale that is still believed. If you'd like to know the history of lasanga, and it's original name, and make dishes like Lasagna with a 7-Hour Meat Tomato Sauce, you'll enjoy my book.  The old days of Little Italy will hopefully come alive for you.  Francesca Romina"))
(5.0, (u'B0000057DP', u"Ludwig van Beethoven became one of the world's most famous composers centuries before this time, and this fame has been due greatly because of his visionary works: the ubiquitous Ninth Symphony; the fierce Hammerklavier; and the Missa Solemnis.It is rightly said that Beethoven cries out with more than a little personal emotion in many of his pieces, and the Missa Solemnis is probably the most famous of these.  It is respected and revered, and has been recorded many times, but it is felt by some that the Missa has a certain aura that shuns away critics as the papal authority did with the Allegri Miserere.  Still, the Missa Solemnis is probably a must for any vocal collection, and certainly (along with the Hammerklavier, &quot;Moonlight&quot; Sonata, and Symphonies) vital for any Beethoven collection.The music for the Missa Solemnis is very radical in some parts.  In particular, these places tend to appear in the Gloria and Credo.  &quot;Deo vero&quot;, &quot;Et exspecto resurrectionem&quot;, and the immense fugue &quot;et vitam venturi saecli, Amen&quot; are but a few of the phrases that receive a drastic, possibly unforgettable interpretation.  The voices are strung out in fortissimos and accompanied with flaring melodies.There are quiet parts, as well.  Benedictus has been called &quot;blindingly serene&quot;, and even the Sanctus, which many composers tend to interpret as a showing of divine glory from start to finish, waits for its magnificent splendor several minutes into the music.  Agnus Dei has been widely interpreted as a message of war-themes, and the timpani (which Berlioz used memorably) are some of the most controversial parts of the Missa Solemnis.The fire of genius in Beethoven is evident everywhere in the Missa Solemnis except for the opening Kyrie.  This has been called the one &quot;normal&quot; movement, with its carefully crafted (once you have listened to it, you will probably agree there is no description more fitting)voices and melody.  It's beautiful, but somewhat restrained, especially when contrasted with the loose but controlled Gloria and the overwhelming Credo.Missa Solemnis is a sweeping landscape that reflects Beethoven's phenomenonal grasp of music. Anyone can tell that it is unusual simply by hearing the opening (almost sliding) Gloria, or the final fugue of Credo, but first beginning on the words &quot;et exspecto resurrectionem.&quot;  The mass is even more unusual when compared to other composers': the difference between Missa Solemnis and Palestrina's Missa da Papae Marcelli and Schubert's Mass in B is very evident.  Altogether, Missa Solemnis is an incredible work of both vocal and instrumental classical music.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002BQK', u"Mariah Carey is certainly not afraid to let her emotions prevail, specifically in her latest release, &quot;Butterfly&quot;.  In this album, she's free such as a butterfly in letting go of past references to her &quot;pretty girl&quot; image and letting her true feelings pour through.  Most noteworthy songs on the album are the title track &quot;Butterfly&quot;, a collaboration with Bone Thugs-In-Harmony &quot;Breakdown&quot;, a Puffy-produced &quot;Honey&quot;, a duet with Dru Hill on a Prince cover &quot;The Beautiful Ones&quot; and the vocally and emotionally outstanding &quot;Close My Eyes&quot;.  Spread your wings and prepare to fly, because this c.d. will take you on a journey of a lifetime!!  END"))
(5.0, (u'0792842111', u"Travel into the world of Clarise Starling, a smart and attractive FBI trainee who is eagerly waiting for her graduation so she can become an agant for the Behavioral Science section of the FBI. She is sent on a mission from the BS sections cheif Jack Crawford to try to get some case information from one of the most famous crimminals ever, Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a.k.a. &quot;Hannibal the Cannibal&quot;, a genius serial killer who ate parts of his victims. Clarise is hoping to get some information on another killer, nicknamed &quot;Buffalo Bill&quot;, who has been killing women and doing strange things with their bodies. Lecter leads Clarise on a maze with his word and mind games to gain more information, when suddenly, Katherine Martin, Senator Ruth Martin's daughter, is kidnapped by Buffalo Bill. Now Clarise must use Lecter as her main resource to find Buffalo Bill so Katherine Martin can be safely rescued in this race of time.  This is my favorite movie, and everything about it is absolutley amazing! Jodie Foster's award winning performance is stunning, as it that of Anthony Hopkins, who is more than terrifying. It's a classic movie in my book.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6303118240', u"Animation by Hayao Miyazaki and one of my favorite! This is a story about Totoro, the spirit of forest and little sisters living near-by. The background is a Japanese local village in late 50s, where still beautiful forest is reserved. It recalls my childhood in rural town. Mei, five-year-old girl met Totoros, living in a large tree next to her new home. Then her elder sister Satsuki, also met Totoro and Cat Bus, which are invisible to grown-ups. When Mei got lost on the way to see her mother in far-away hospital, Satsuki asks Totoro's help and Cat Bus brings them to her mother. With many fantastic and impressional scenes.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001EA8', u'This disc is a &quot;must-have&quot; for any late 90\'s trip/hip-hop/punk/pop/rap/techno-disc-library-building aficionado.  Mr. Tricky most definitely comes fully equipped with the recommended daily dose of verbal skills.  The mic is also soulfully caressed by the silky voiced Martina.  Her glistening vocals are juxtaposed against the grip tape sandpaper growl of the tensely pre-millennial Tricky.  The language is smoky, nearly transparent.  You hear the wailing sirens and a sense of rage whispers to you from the rhythm.  Mr. Tricky does not appreciate the term "trip-hop" and maintains that the music is pure and simple punk rock.Pre-Millennial Tension is certainly not thrash punk in the tradition of anthemic slam-dance Southern California skate-punk-rock, but there is clearly, not so hidden in these industrial beats - an agenda of sheer lawlessness and societal disregard.  To me, Tricky is much scarier than the clearly more financially successful but nonetheless plodding "butt-rock" hysteria music fashioned by the likes of Marilyn Manson.  Tricky is dangerous not because he is angry but because he is smart.  Yes, this is angry music, not intended for the kids at daycare! This is also an extremely bouncing and beautiful collection of noise, drum breaks, tape loops and ghetto sounds.  Sure, there is a quiet brooding rage laid down in the eleven tracks of this disc but just wait a second, relax -- turn up the volume -- now listen closely, this music is actually an intensely powerful and prophetic mission statement and diatribe intended surely for the pre-millenial-post-modern-neo-rap-urban-designed-surburban-consumed-brandname-obsessed-satellite-fed-MTV-dancehall-reggae-hiphop-next-century-global-village-digitally-grown nation of pop music fans.  This one\'s a winner!Plus it has a good beat and you can dance to it!  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000002OZS', u"Heck why not just up the ante and give this one an 11! This 1996 release is sheer sonic artistry, this is classic in your face, no-holds-barred genius. Producer Paul Leary (guitarist for the legendary cult-rock icons -- the Butthole Surfers) deserves significant props for his tutelage in sculpting this slice of life digital-dub snapshot. Sadly, Sublime's brilliance was to be a short lived glimmer on the late 90's musical charts.Lead singer and Sublime think-tank master-mind MC, Bradley -- passed away in a needle-induced haze just as this release was set to burn up the streets. MC Brad's untimely and tragic departure is a dark shadow that is omnipresent in this truly bittersweet and sometimes desolate collection of exceedingly tight punk, ska and rap soundscapes. Bradley was a true yarn-spinnin' rhyme-weavin' musician's musician. His do-it-yourself approach to the lyrical creative process is directly related to his formative years as a So-Cal punker learning the ropes from such seminal and genre defining groups as TSOL (True Sounds of Liberty), the Circle Jerks, Black Flag and rappers like KRS-One, LL Cool J, and later, the revolutionary and never compromising sound of Compton's own NWA. This disc, of course, features the sometimes all-too-radio-friendly &quot;What I Got&quot; &quot;Santeria&quot; and the sure-to-become classic, &quot;Doin' Time.&quot; Don't be harsh and push any negative vibes at this one just because the bozos at your local alterna-teen FM corporate rock station have saturated your brain with overwhelming doses of these &quot;hit&quot; songs. The entire disc is deserving of every single second you can spare of headphone time. Purchase this disc quickly, and then frantically tape it -- as soon as possible you should put that cassette into the tape deck of your car and hit the road. I would suggest a coastal highway perhaps around twilight. You should bring a bag of fruit, and of course, don't forget your sunglasses and please, please, turn up the volume all the way to eleven. Do this for Brad... his voice and music will fuel you and your sound-system to Olympian heights. Yes, the good they do die young. Brad and his spirit are still here though, you can hear this Sublime MC in the pounding rhythm of the Santa Cruz surf and you can hear his whispering dub vocals in the rustle of aspen leaves as you pilot your kevlar mountain bike down the twisting switch-backing trails of your local garden of Eden.Put this one in your Walkman for one full week and then, my friend -- you will know why I've written these words. This one's a keeper!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000VC2', u"I loved this CD!When I first bought it from &quot;On Cue&quot; in Troy, I was so excited! Selena's truly beautiful picture on the cover alone was so inviting. Now, &quot;No Me Queda Mas&quot; is such a relaxing, and mellowed groove, that I truly enjoy while I'm driving. Another one of my favorites is &quot;Si Una Vez.&quot; It has such a &quot;rough,ragged, tough-Selena,&quot; feel to it. She was truly the &quot;tough-girl.&quot; My absolute favorite song on this album was &quot;Ya No.&quot; It had a little &quot;Chris-Perez,&quot; in it. It has such a &quot;husband and wife&quot; feel to it.I've never heard rock and Spanish before, but this was a great combination. &quot;Creo que esta cinta es muy bien!!!!! Y Selena, yo te amo!!!!!!!&quot;  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000005KPJ', u"&quot;Believers&quot; is one of Don McLean's finest album efforts.  Recorded in 1981, it follows much in the same vein as McLean's album &quot;Chain Lightning&quot;, another solid effort recorded in 1978.  Both albums were recorded in Nashville, produced by Larry Butler, and backed vocally by the Jordanaires.  Each album was also engineered by Nashville legend Billy Sherrill, who significantly influenced the careers of Tammy Wynette, Barbara Mandrell, David Houston, and many others.  In &quot;Believers&quot;, as in &quot;Chain Lightning&quot;, we are treated to an even mix of McLean originals and rock standards from the 50's and 60's.  The album opens with an updated version of &quot;Castles in the Air&quot;, originally recorded by McLean in 1970 and released on his first album &quot;Tapestry&quot;.  The other McLean compositions are just as solid:  &quot;Isn't It Strange&quot;, an analysis of how men deal with their emotions; &quot;Left For Dead on the Road of Love&quot;; &quot;Sea Man&quot;, a true story of a man McLean met while living in Israel; &quot;I Tune the World Out&quot;, explaining McLean's escape from reality via his guitar; &quot;Jerusalem&quot;, a story of that city which became a smash hit in Israel; and &quot;Crazy Eyes&quot;.  McLean's vocal style adds new life to the rock standards &quot;Love Hurts&quot;, &quot;Love Letters&quot;, and &quot;Sea Cruise&quot;.  The CD version of this album, released in 1997, contains a bonus track, a re-make of the Bobby Darin hit &quot;Dream Lover&quot;.  I bought this album on vinyl in 1981 and have listened to it hundreds of times since.  I was ecstatic when it was released on CD.  &quot;Believers&quot; is as good today as ever.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6302640504', u"Grown tired of today's insipid action films heavy on raw violence and special effects and lean on believable plot?  If so, this film is one to consider because it is the opposite of today's moronic films.  John Ford brings to life Richard Llewelyn's poetic tale of the travails of the Morgan family in late-Victorian Wales.  Simple, vital emotions pour out in front of the viewer's eyes- the sorrow of a mother whose boys gradually are forced to leave home due to the economic stresses of the coalfields, the raucus drinking after one of the boy's wedding, the death of ordinary, wonderful men in mine accidents etc., etc..  Ford is probably America's greatest director and this is probably his greatest work.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000029VK', u'In the previous spring, I went on a trip to New York with my lifelong friend. We met for the first time in 15 years. Her mother, who often made nice coffe for me, has gone to Christ these two monthes. I loved her. Her partner, a  Karajan admirer in his youth, advised us to go to N.Y. for healing her sorrow and listening to the concert. We agreed. A date of the concert, after taking a walk on Central Park early in the spring, we were sleeping soundly up until evening. Oh! The darkest hour comes before the dawn. All the flower shops were closed. At the Deli, we bought red roses for the conductor, white tulips for the pianist. For white flowers,I wanted, were the only tulips. And we could give them two bouquet. She said, &quot;What a wonderful night it is! I shook hands with him.&quot; After we left New York, I knew that the original meaning of tulip is turban.  END'))
(5.0, (u'0783221487', u"A fantastic film. However, I do agree with another reviewers comments that a 2 1/2 hour film doesn't do the book justice. Dune SHOULD have been a space opera in the style of Star Wars - i.e. a series of films.It is very difficult to understand the film if you haven't read the book(s) first - don't just stop after Dune, read the rest as well - but don't you just hate film tie-ins where the book and the film follow each other word for word? Most people I know who dislike the film have watched it without reading the books. And, in most cases, if I lend them the books then they re-visit the film they enjoy it a LOT more.There are gaps in the film that you can only fill in for yourself if you've read the book(s) first.The sound track is excellent - by TOTO.And the cast ... what can I say: Kyle MacLachlan, Patrick Stuart, Francesca Annis, Sian Phillips, Max von Sydow, Dean Stockwell, Sean Young, and on and on and on.Some of the special effects are quite spectacular, considering when this film was made.You've gotta watch it. But if you really want to enjoy it, read the books first.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B00000163G', u"Tupac comes fully equipped on this double joint. All Eyez on Me features the stellar verbal skills of a veritable who's who of today's hiphop heavy-weights like Dre, Nate Dogg, the Wu's Method Man and the LBC's own Snoop Doggy Dogg.  This collection of jams pulls no punches!  Each of the featured MC's swaggers to the plate with mad style and assaults the microphone with back-breaking arsenals of text, ghetto-slang and urban rhymes.  With booming, ultra-fat beats, and the required 'West Side' synthesizer doodles, this hiphopera is a complete beast!  This one's nearly a 10, but alas, there are a few wack tunes... that's merely par for the course almost anytime one attempts a double disc set.  For the most part, this compilation of Tupac rhymes is all that a true fan of this hiphop hall of famer could desire.If you're already down with the rich rap tapestry that IS Tupac, then no doubt -- you own this cd.  If you aren't convinced, but DO happen to appreciate the jammin' sounds of banging Cali beats -- then bucky up your credit card and add this one to your Amazon.com shopping cart!  Be warned, this disc is not for the faint of heart or the politically correct.  Shakur was not shy about keeping things as real as possible.  This gritty urban snapshot tells an often sordid and sad tale. Tupac's life was obviously full of both the positive and the negative, and sometimes his words may cause you to wince.  Still, this disc is a seismic rhythm bouncer, perfect for that Sunday afternoon drive down to the 40-ounce spot.Tupac Shakur was a rap Einstein.  I can picture him rollin'...may he rest in peace!  END"))
(5.0, (u'6302032245', u"Joel McCrae stars as Steve Judd, an ageing lawman reduced to taking odd jobs in the rapidly civilizing west of the late 1890s.  Taking a job transporting gold from a violent mining camp in the High Sierras, Judd hires two men to help in the job, one a friend(Randolph Scott) from law days gone by.  The two assistants plot to steal the gold as soon as they are hired and the action gets thick from there.  Vital to this movie is the display of Judd's moral code.  Judd may be a man just barely hanging on, a supurfluous man in the New West, but he's kept his manly virtues- his strength of character, his wisdom, his courage, and his dignity.  However humbled by his circumstances, Judd is a man worthy of emulation. He is a true hero.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002WPH', u"The epic saga that has become known as the Wu Dynasty was launched with this '96 hiphop gem.  Dense beats, sound fragments, and the rap GODZ themselves, the legendary Shaolin (AKA Staten Island) crew of rhymers virtually rewrites the rules of rap with this rookie release.This is a gangster piano sonata spliced with an urban sword and blended into Hong Kong karate-flick sound effects resulting in pure hiphop wizardry. If you can only afford to own one rap CD, then this is the one for you.  The Wu's got something that the people want to hear!  Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Raekwon the chef, the RZA, the Genius, Old Dirty Bastard, U-God, and Ghostface Killah will march their urban verbal athletics right into your CD collection's Top Ten!  This disc changed the whole landscape of the rap world.  It will redefine your notion of rap.  END"))
(5.0, (u'1558908382', u"This is by far one of John Cusack's best movies. Starring as a hitman who gets pushed into going back to his hometown, High School reunion, and to do a &quot;job&quot;. He is finally forced to confront his past and challenge his values, while being the hunter and the hunted.  Not only is this film about finding one's self, it is full of humor and a touch of romance. The chemistry of this film is SUPER! IT'S FUNNY,TOUCHING, &amp; FULL OF STARS!  JOHN CUSACK, ALAN ARKIN, MINNIE DRIVER, JOAN CUSACK, DAN AYKROYD and the rest, all give outstanding performances in this excellent film.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B00000053X', u'i love the bsb with all my heart! this cd is the greatest! i keep on listening to it over and over and over! if you really like the boys you can also buy their over seas album that has five or six different songs! it rocks! i love you nick! i love you aj! i love you brian! i love you kevin! i love you howie! keep up the good work! IF YOU LOVE R&amp;B THIS IS THE ALBUM FOR YOU! I RECOMEND IT! IF YOUR LOOKING FOR ROMANCE, DANCE TUNES, OR SOMETHING TO RELAX AND LISTEN TOO THIS IS FOR YOU! BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT! KEEP THE BSB PRIDE ALIVE!  CRYSTAL AKA LADYCARTER  END'))
(5.0, (u'B0000024QA', u'It was winter, 1969, Great Barrington, Vt.  I was visiting my girlfriend.  I arrived the night before, from Connecticut, exhausted, jealous, foolish... in the morning, she left in the shadows for the shower.  I sat of the edge of the bed and turned on her record player.  It cycled and the arm dropped down on Rainbow in Curved Air.  I opened the curtains with a yank and the sky was FULL of falling white snow.  The music began.  In two weeks our affair would be over, but the music of that moment will always be with me.  Perhaps the most perfect moment of my life.  Chris Browne  END'))
(5.0, (u'156219464X', u"Directed by Takahata Isao. It is based on a novel by Nosaka Akiyuki. At the war time, a junior-high boy and his little sister became orphan since their mother was killed by air raid. They come to live with unfamiliar relatives but run away and start their own living in a cave nearby. After stock of foods run out, his sister starved to death. While she was still alive, he caught a lot of fireflies to cheer her up in a dark cave, but the next morning all the fireflies fell dead and they made grave of fireflies. The story is based on Nosaka's personal experience, and when Nosaka watch preview by himself, he cried much. I like this film but it's so tragedic to see...  END"))
(5.0, (u'6303481264', u'Wings of Honneamise is the first theater version animation of GAINAX , which later creates Neon Genesis Evangelion. It was released in 1984 in Japan, directed by Hiroyuki Yamaga at that time age of 24. Even though it gained little success on busines base at that time, even today, well loved and supported.  The stage is some other world, where no one still go outer space. In a poor and old-fashioned country, Royal Space Force is established to send man to outer space. Shiro, an lazy official there, inspired by a religious girl, volunteers to be the first man in space. After fighting all the political and international conspiracy, he goes outer space and sends profound message to people on earth.  END'))
(5.0, (u'630237250X', u"DA Pennebaker's unique unobtrusive directorial style has deservedly earned him the  nickname 'the eye'. This fly on the wall documentary of Dylan and his motley crew at the height of his fame in 1965, just before his electric conversion later that year,is no holds barred and shows both sides of the mans personality. From the endearing young man talking to the Liverpudlian schoolgirls at the Adelphi Hotel to the sarcastic biting foe of the 'Times' reporter. The performances are second to none, particularly the impromptu party rendition of 'Baby Blue' that was requested by scottish folkie Donovan. This is definitely the standard by which all rock 'n roll documentarys should be judged by. It also gives us the sixties definition of 'cool', Ray bans, leather jacket and endless cigarettes. Bob Dylan was the man who invented the 'rock star' and this film chronicles the birth of that idea.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000029YC', u'I bought the Titanic soundtrack right after I saw the movie in December 1997.  That CD has yet to come out my CD player in my car because I love it so much!  The music is absolutely fantastic.  At first I would cry when I listened to the soundtrack because I could match it up with the scenes in my head, but now I listen to it in awe because I have never been so captivated by a CD for such a long period of time.  I am dying for the second volume of the soundtrack to come out, which I still do not know when.  I know it was sold at a Titanic expedition in Tampa, Florida.  END'))
(5.0, (u'6302049040', u"While the radically shortened film of Potter's British television mini-series necessarily leaves out a great deal--including some of what was most devastating in the original, this adaptation written by Potter and directed by, of all people, Herbert Ross, is a major work, too. It uses the big screen to full advantage, turning the lip-synched numbers into full Busby Berkeley-esque parodies. And none of the original's brilliance or darkness has been lost. Know--this is no light-hearted romp. It's probably the bleakest work of art ever made for TV, and the film's very modest commercial success is undoubtedly a testament to that. But it's really something. You'll never forget Vernel Bagneris's dance to the title number. And both Steve Martin and Bernadette Peters give the performances of their careers. Their eyes will haunt you.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002TWQ', u"This joint consists of fat Cuban havanas and ice-chilled magnums of Moet. Cognac-smooth beats and the skills of AZ the rhymer, push this disc to the rap summit. High altitude attitudes - you'll even hear Mr. Gore-Tex himself, the illmatic Nas Escobar on belay!  These eloquent lyrical urban dudes verbally ice axe their new school trail up the rap kingdom's most extreme mountain, AZ and his Suga' Hill Posse invade the booming elevations of hiphop like some kind of mad-style crazy rap Sherpas!Call it hiphop aristocracy.  Lifestyles of the break beatin' famous. THE East-Side's eloquent verbal dominator AZ comes correct on this 95 classic!  He's a rapid fire, machine gun rapper, and yes indeedy - AZ packs the required daily dosage of hiphop firepower.  Fire this one up on a Saturday night in front the fire with ol' girl - cuz it's all about hiphop love.  I say to you, from here in the land of MTV's Real World: Snap this one up like a hungry Free Willy unleashed at SeaWorld with squirming bucket full of tuna! Ahhh yeah, AZ be finger lickin' good!  END"))
(5.0, (u'0312180365', u"Can't say enough about this book. The subject's life is truly epic, spanning the Russian Revolution, World War II and the cold war. Thomas is right when he says that if you judge a writer by how he affects history, Solzhenitsyn is the greatest writer of our century. Plus his life is riveting.  I loved this biography as much as any I've read since Robert Caro's wonderful LBJ Volume One. It's neat to have a novelist doing a biography too, as that seems to add a dimension here. Anyway, this is a brilliant work about a riveting subject. Can't say enough about it."))
(5.0, (u'6301966686', u"In case you couldn't tell, I absolutely loved this movie. In fact, I watched it like 12 times in a row. It was the first Dutch film ever to win an Academy Award for best Foreign Film.It's basically a story of the effects of trauma onthe human mind. At first it's set in Nazi-occupied Holland in 1945, but the movie basically deals with the entire life of one boy, Anton Steenwijk. In 1945 his family was murdered, and not surprisingly, it affects everything in his life afterwards.This movie is full of extremely talented actors, namely Derek de Lint who plays Anton as an adult. To really understand this movie, you have to pay attention to details, because it's got an intricate plot. But it's a wonderful and touching story.I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone, no matter what their interests, because it is such a beautiful film.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001FEE', u"The second disco concept album after &quot;Four Seasons of Love&quot; can be considered a classic all over. Not only the concept and coverart are superb. The musical content of this (double) album containes the whole spectrum of the collaboration of Donna with producers Giorgio Moroder and Pete Belotte. What they emerged concerning all kinds of dance tunes, synthesizer pop, soul and ballads, are contained here. All tied together by a Cinderella based story (Donna's own musical biography perhaps?)of a girl &quot;trapped within her world&quot; and begging for love and shelter. It is really a wonderful trip! From upbeat disco (Once Upon A Time, Fairytale High), synthesizers (Now I Need You, Queen For A Day), ballads (Sweet Romance, A Man Like You), to heavy orchestral disco (I Love You, Happily Ever After). And in between other hot Summer boiling stuff (Dance Into My Life, Rumour Has It). And as a close a personal bedtime story for the listener from Donna herself. What can you want more? This is a complete standard of Donna Summer's disco period and therefore not to be missed! END"))
(5.0, (u'B000005H72', u"I normally dread samplers, thinking that I will find perhaps one or two great performers stuck among tracks that I wouldn't want to hear twice; this is a happy exception.This collection contains 17 tracks representing different performers of new Scottish music. The style is a combination of traditional folk melody with some jazz and rock augmentation. For the most part, the instruments are traditional guitar, pipes and drum (no bagpipes) with a little slide guitar, electric augmentation and synthesizer thrown in very unobtrusively. Roughly 3/4 of the album has vocal tracks, about three of which are already stuck in my head after a few listens.My knowledge of Scottish music before this was limited to anonymous bagpiping and folk players and Mouth Music, a group which tends toward a more extreme synthesizer rock/hip-hop fusion with traditional Scottish singing; this album falls solidly in the middle with some modern jazz and rock influences thrown in. The recording has wonderful atmosphere and is worth hearing on headphones.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6300271145', u"&quot;Round Midnight&quot; is a film that tells the story of a Black American jazz musician in Paris.  Dexter Gordon plays the lead role, based partly on the life of the pianist Bud Powell. The atmosphere of Paris in the 1950's is beautifully captured in this moving and perceptive portrayal of an artist increasingly isolated from a society that turns its back on his genius. The French director, Bernard Tavernier, has made his mark with this wonderfully reflective and engrossing film.  Jazz movies are rarely this good, and this one is a classic.  It's definitely a must for the collection of all jazz lovers.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000009TE', u"Great versions of a number of his best songs. It's a full live concert with lots of amusing chatter in Frank's usual vein, and the quality of the songs is particularly high. More Trouble Every Day is quite different to the original version, more rocky. Dancing Fool, which I don't really love in its original form, is mindblowing. Dynamo Hum is done in a snappy style that really moves along. As for Tied to the Whipping Post, you have to hear this version to believe it; it's much better than the album release version and is frankly (so to speak) one of the most exciting and exhilarating songs I've ever heard. So buy it! It's great.  END"))
(5.0, (u'1572315725', u'I was actually able to sit and read the majority of this book on a flight without access to a computer at all. It really is very well written giving clear examples without over simplifying. You must remember that the techniques are for the most part specific to IE4 and therefore will not work with Netscape but I guess there are other books for that.All aspects of DHTML are covered in a logical sequence and the only real prerequisite is some experience with web design and straight HTML. The CD is well stocked with examples and tools.This is not a highly technical book to be digested by pure programmers, but it does provide a root to some powerful techniques for the slightly adventurous web author.Without any doubt the most read of all of my computer books!'))
(5.0, (u'B0000028PI', u"The songs on the album are threaded together to tell an excellent tale involving young Steven, an eerie show and an even eerier showmaster. Should be a  movie. Several songs stand out. &quot;Nothing's Free&quot;  shows there are consequences to every choice we make. &quot;Lost In America&quot; a tongue-in-cheek look at  today's societal problems and youth growing up with them. &quot;Bad Place Alone&quot; a trip through the subculture of the gang mentality. &quot;Stolen Prayer&quot; a thoughtful piece on faith and it's basis. &quot;Lullaby&quot; childhood fears revisited. &quot;It's Me&quot; another excellent ballad from Alice. A song of hope. A moral thread runs throughtout this album. Don't let it scare you though. If you would just like to rock and not ponder life lessons, this album rocks!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H6L', u"I bought this CD in a used record store not knowing anything about Billy Bragg &amp; willing to try something new. I was blown away with the music and the lyrics. Billy's south London cockney accent is a different sound than conventional English singers. Every song on this CD is a winner. I love the song &quot;I hate the Arshole I've become&quot;. I also love the song &quot;And then there was Mary&quot; and the lyrics are so poetic and romantic that you read something different into them every time you hear it. Billy will never be able to top this CD. His CD &quot;Don't try this at home&quot; is OK but nowhere as good as this one. Billy Bragg is now my favorite singer!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002HFU', u"Absurdist dada rapper ODB - aka Osirus, the one man hiphop army, goes buck wild on this 95 epic rhyming saga.  Usual suspects, the GZA, Killah Priest, Chef Raekwon, Ghost Face and Method Man join the fun on Return to the 36 Chambers.  With the universally accepted Wu stamp of approval, Ol Dirty Bastard busts out as the shaman, the medicine man and the Wu Tang jester!  Much, MUCH ruckus on this one! ODB keeps it honest and painfully real on this classic hiphop snapshot.  In the tweaked Grammy-microphone grabbing world of His Dirtiness...everything is possible and all whims are encouraged and pampered.  Hiphop tragedy and walking timebomb, turn the volume up! You can feel the desperation and you will feel and experience the burning-comet brilliance of ODB's explosive jams! Ye Olde Dirty Doggie, the one and only certified and psychotically humorous mad styly crazy Brooklyn rapper!  The Lenny Bruce of rap; frankly -- I must say, We're not worthy!Take the Bastard home!  END"))
(5.0, (u'6303567126', u"If Leonardo diCaprio had not already made this film, he would be cast immediately for the role of lifetime. Mr. diCaprio's performance as the lanky, audacious, and attitude-heavy high school basketball player whose descent into heroin-hell is the true story of the author, Jim Carroll, can only be described as superb. As often as diCaprio is cited for his Titanic performance, &quot;Basketball Diaries&quot; is one for his resume of fine, solid performances. With cameras in streets of lower Manhattan, the junkie life of a street urchin is neither fun nor games, it is pathos and crime. Teens who flock to diCaprio films should see &quot;Basketball Diaries&quot; as a point of information. When the glamorous veneer of heroin and cocaine wears off, all that is left is the sight of diCaprio -- frothing at the mouth, twisting, and screaming in pain as the cold turkey rehabilitation program of friend, Ernie Hudson takes over his body. Most young girls, the rabid diCaprio fans, would find this scene too realistic and too ugly. But that is what the author intended. In a too brief cameo appearance, Carroll's words are at times glorious poems of haiku grace, but his own speed rap about his memories of a Catholic ceremony is a monologue chilling in its irony, for he is cooking up to fix while he speaks. Fine performances from the young supporting cast including a thuggish Marky Mark Walberg and a heart wrenching Lorraine Bracco as the mother who can do nothing for her son but call the police make &quot;Basketball Diaries&quot; worthy of everyone's attention. END"))
(5.0, (u'1572522089', u"Ran, meaning chaos in Japanese, perfectly captures the spirit and atmosphere of this film.  Essentially a Japanese version of Shakespeare's KING LEAR, RAN follows the story of the Great Lord Hidetora, who decides to divide his kingdom among his three sons: Taro, Jiro, and Saburo.  What occurs is the systematic and tragic destruction of Hidetora, his family, and his kingdom as the sons continuously conflict with each other.  Deep emotion and stunning action scenes accentuate the violence and tension of the film.  One of Kurosawa's last films to date (after all, he has been directing since 1946), RAN is also one of his greatest, easily on par with RASHOMON, THE SEVEN SAMURAI, and YOJIMBO.  The only missing element is the late, great Toshiro Mifune in the lead.  END"))
(5.0, (u'0792841042', u"The critics were never kind to Errol Flynn; perhaps they envied his incredible good looks, his charm, his magnetism on the screen and in real life. They weren't kind to him in &quot;The Sea Hawk,&quot; but that didn't stop the audiences of 1940 from flocking to the film. It was a major box office success.  No wonder. Flynn was never more handsome on screen than he was in this film. His portrayal of Geoffrey Thorpe is restrained and believable. And when he swings into action, he sends pulses pounding and hearts hammering. &quot;The Sea Hawk&quot; is enjoyable from beginning to end. Don't miss it.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6303124798', u"This movie is by far my favorite leo movie of all time. I loved the setting of the story, very real and natural. Leo was incredible as Arnie, and no one could have portrayed the character any better. He really made me think about other mentally challenged kids in the world, and how generous, kind, and naive they can be to all the bad stuff there is out there. The story is so touching.  If you like believable, touching,  heartwarming movies, then this one is definitely for you.  I absolutely loved it and would reccomend it to anyone.  I loved Julliette Lewis's character,  I believe that we need more people like Becky in this world. I am  so excited to read the book!  END"))
(5.0, (u'6302120527', u"In his autobiography, Jack L. Warner said Errol Flynn's sudden rise to stardom was like a &quot;wildfire&quot; sweeping across the landscape. In &quot;Captain Blood,&quot; a 26-year-old Errol Flynn burst on the scene with drop-dead good looks, a knack for generating excitement, and one of the most powerful screen personas of any star in the history of film. This story of a doctor-turned-pirate is rousing entertainment from beginning to end, and represents a milestone for both Flynn and Warner Brothers. For Flynn, the movie made him an international star. For Warner Brothers, it gave them their first matinee idol and one of their biggest income-producers. &quot;Captain Blood&quot; also began the wonderful partnership of Flynn and Olivia DeHavilland, who would go on to make another six films together. NOTE: Beware of 99-minute versions of &quot;Captain Blood.&quot; At all costs, get the full, 119-minute version. It's like a whole different film.  END"))
(5.0, (u'0790733226', u"This is an excellent example of what the DVD format can offer film fanatics. &quot;Contact&quot; was one of the most visually impressive movies of 1997, though it may yield to &quot;Titanic&quot; in its visual effects. The DVD presentation includes three feature-length commentary tracks, in addition to appendices on the various specific scenes.Common to Robert Zemeckis' &quot;Forrest Gump,&quot; the film has the enticing/distracting presence of various television personalities including the morphed/edited/stood in for President Bill Clinton. &quot;Contact&quot; is not hurt by its leads: the driven, believable Jody Foster, or the moral cowboy/guru Matthew McConaughey. I thoroughly enjoyed it.Here's hoping &quot;Titanic&quot; gets the the same special presentation when it comes to DVD.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003H2Y', u"&quot;Dusk and Her Embrace&quot;, the second full-length from British Black Metal greats, CoF, is a journey through eloquent, vampiric darkness. Dani uses his awesome grasp of the English language to create stunning works of poetry, and then goes on to add in some of the most emotional music I have ever heard. At times the music is slow, goth/ambient style, full of vocal variation and keyboards, and then it will launch into pure Black Metal with blinding guitar and Dani's unparalleled shrieks. A must for anyone who is in thrall to Darkness. Dani said it best himself, &quot;Supreme Vampiric Evil...&quot;  END"))
(5.0, (u'6302682622', u"In real life, Errol Flynn was no pushover. Despite devastating good looks and a wickedly easygoing charm, he could hold his own in either a one-on-one fightfight or a barroom brawl. He was, in fact, one of the most feared fighters in Hollywood.&quot;Gentleman Jim,&quot; the story of 19th century boxer James J. Corbett, gave Warner Brothers a chance to put their bad boy on display at his physical best -- exhibiting a lean, mean physique and an undeniable flair for ring work. His toothy grin, devil-may-care charm and boyish glee in a good fight all combined to make &quot;Gentleman Jim&quot; one of the 1940s' most compelling films, and one of Warner Brothers' biggest hits.It is interesting to note that during the filming of &quot;Gentleman Jim,&quot; Flynn collapsed and was carted off to the hospital. He was diagnosed, at the ripe old age of 32, of having had a mild heart attack. His co-star in the film, Alexis Smith, visited him and begged him to slow down his destructive lifestyle. Flynn, she later said, flashed that beautiful smile of his and shook his head.&quot;I enjoy this side of life,&quot; he told her, &quot;and don't care to see the other side.&quot;  END"))
(5.0, (u'0964349604', u"Negativland is a tape-music collective who have taken sampling and &quot;creative excerpting&quot; farther than anyone else.  As such they have always lived on the border of legality, liberally appropriating huge chunks of the media frenzy swirling around all of us and spitting it back: digested, arranged and with new meaning.In 1991 this got them sued, by the litigious Island Records, for parodying the Irish self-important rock band U2 without their permission.  Unable financially to fight Island's lawyers head-on, Negativland and their then-label SST Records were forced into an abject surrender, pulling it off the market, destroying all unsold of all copies of the work, and giving up all rights to their own work.It turned out to be a Pyrrhic victory for Island.  The negative publicity engendered by the suit cost them dearly, while Negativland became symbolic of the Davids standing up to corporate Goliaths.Negativland began a long, 7-year campaign (as yet unsuccessful) to regain control of their piece, which now fetches an absurd $75 on the open market.This book, in true Negativland fashion, reprints in excruciating detail the lawsuits, correspondence, print articles, public statements and private ruminations during this long ordeal.  It makes for a fascinating glimpse into corporate America, as well as pointing up the anachronism of copyright laws in the Digital Age.I couldn't put it down."))
(5.0, (u'6304504012', u'For the past five years I have been obssessed with the musical, Evita, and the woman.  When I heard that Madonna and Antonio Banderas were to star in the movie adaptation of Evita, I was thrilled.  With such a fantastic cast and crew, I had high expectations of the film.  I saw Evita for the first time at the St. Louis premiere of the film and I was not disappointed.  Madonna did a great job playing Evita.  I did miss the belting voice of Patti LuPone, however.  Antonio Banderas did the best vocals of any Che I have heard.  And Jonathan Pryce delivered an emotional performance.  Evita is a must see!  END'))
(5.0, (u'6302120616', u"&quot;The Charge of the Light Brigade,&quot; which was released in 1936, was Errol Flynn's second starring role. Already an international sensation thanks to &quot;Captain Blood,&quot; Flynn shot to even higher levels of stardom with the release of this action-packed desert drama that co-starred Olivia DeHavilland.Although the script is largely fictional -- Warner Brothers rarely let history stand in the way of a good story -- the film is exciting, beautifully photographed and well mounted. The final charge, in which Flynn leads the Light Brigade into the &quot;Valley of Death,&quot; is spine-tingling even to this day. Flynn is unbelievably handsome and dashing, DeHavilland is top notch as his love interest, and the entire cast makes &quot;The Charge of the Light Brigade&quot; a joy to watch.As an interesting note, co-star David Niven wrote in his autobiography &quot;The Moon's a Balloon&quot; of a fistfight between Flynn and a huge, brawny extra on the set of &quot;The Charge of the Light Brigade.&quot; Flynn -- whom the extras thought was a spoiled pretty boy -- so severely thrashed the big extra that an ambulance came to take him to the hospital. After that, said Niven, Flynn was regarded with a newfound and healthy respect.  END"))
(5.0, (u'079074774X', u"Errol Flynn made several films about World War II, but two of them are considered classics. One was &quot;The Edge of Darkness,&quot; and the other was 1945's &quot;Objective, Burma!&quot; While the film was angrily pulled from theaters in England because it largely ignored British efforts in the fight against the Japanese in Burma, it did a resounding business in the United States.In the film, Errol Flynn's character leads a group of paratroopers on a mission behind Japanese lines in Burma. When they are stranded there, only one recourse is left to them: to fight their way out. The ensuing struggle to get back to friendly lines presents some of the most tense and action-packed battle scenes in WWII film history.Note: Watch for the scene in which Errol Flynn weeps. He is watching one of his men, who has been mercilessly tortured by the Japanese, die. The camera moves in on Flynn's face, an extreme closeup. Watch closely, because the scene is dimly lighted and the moment is brief. Big tears of grief roll from Flynn's eyes, indicating he was a much better actor than many critics gave him credit for.  END"))
(5.0, (u'1569312478', u"I've seen all the Ranmas released on tape so far (and even some that haven't been yet), and &quot;Ranma and Juliet&quot; is one of my favorites.  Not really for the usual slapstick comedy--although I thought Drunk-Fu was hilarious, but more for the way we gain more insight about the relationship between Ranma and Akane.  For those of you who are just itching for these two to admit they're crazy about each other, this is a must-watch, because they come...soo...close!  Basically, the viewers (and Ranma) are teased by the promise of a kiss--so do they or don't they?Well, it comes close enough for me!  END"))
(5.0, (u'6302682606', u"&quot;The Edge of Darkness&quot; is one of the few movies made during World War II about World War II that holds up as more than just a propaganda piece. Warner Brothers pulled out all the stops with this intense and compelling drama about Norwegian villagers who rebel against their Nazi occupiers, giving the film a superior script, eye-popping camera work and a cast remarkable for its strength and versatility.It may at first seem odd that Errol Flynn -- who gained stardom as the screen's premier swashbuckler -- was cast as a Norwegian fisherman/guerilla fighter. However, the wisdom of Warner Brothers in putting him in this role quickly becomes evident. His performance is restrained and believable, and he plays off the powerful ensemble cast with on-target accuracy.&quot;The Edge of Darkness&quot; is a classic tale of good versus evil as only wartime Warner Brothers could have achieved it. The climactic uprising of villagers against their Nazi oppressors is enough to bring one to the edge of his seat and send chills of excitement dancing up his spine. This film is one of the best of its type, and shouldn't be missed.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002N74', u"Though I've never managed to convert anyone to becoming a Dead Can Dance fan, this album could probably do it.  As with their previous albums, musical influences from varied cultures are present here.  African... South American... American Indian... Indian... traces of all of these cultures are readily apparent.  Indus, with its nod to George Harrison, is a beautiful piece that just flows lazily along.  One of the things I've always liked about Dead Can Dance is their use of the voice as, basically, an instrument.  Language doesn't matter.  It's the sound that matters.  And the way that sound melds with the music.  This is probably one of my favorite Dead Can Dance albums.  Highly recommended to fans and casual listeners alike."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JWU', u"This CD just rocks from beginning to end.  The opening drums from &quot;Real World&quot; make a perfect beginning to an album that just keeps getting better and better.  This is the first CD that I've actually been able to listen to basically all day long, over and over again, without getting sick of it.  The music is filled with so much energy and passion that you can't help singing along or tapping your feet or whatever it is you do when a song carries you away.  There are NO bad songs on this CD.  There aren't even any mediocre songs.  I could sit here and sing the praises of this album all day.  Better buy it so you can listen to the band instead of me. :P"))
(5.0, (u'B000002OFG', u"T.P. and the Heartbreakers have had a turbulent career to say the least, from struggles with pricing to internal conflict and most recently Petty's separation from his wife. At the end of the day, however, these Floridians gone L.A. know that it's about the music.  Just listen to this album, their debut. Your classic rock collection is a disgrace without &quot;American Girl&quot;, not to mention &quot;Breakdown&quot;. But Petty's famous Byrds sound and blues tinged rock isn't all that the Heratbreakers offer. Everything from punk (&quot;Anything That's Rock n' Roll&quot;) to country (&quot;Mystery Man&quot;) shines. The Heartbreakers not only have an affinity for any type of music, but everything seems so well-placed on this album. You could hardly accuse them of a diffuse album. It's coherent and from the first drum rythms of &quot;Rockin' Around&quot; (garage rock if there ever was such a thing) to the Byrdisms of &quot;American Girl&quot;, Petty and the Heartbreakers deliver a classic and an opening to a career that still flourishes today."))
(5.0, (u'B000002ADT', u'While Kind Of Blue is a perfect example of the Jazz form, it has taken Sony a couple of tries to get it right. They have finally included the first three tracks speed corrected, along with remixing and mastering using a tape machine similar to the one used for the original recording.The results are BETTER sound quality and more accurate reproduction than any previous release. If you are already a fan of this record, you won\'t be disappointed with buying it again. If you are new to jazz, or Davis\' music, and looking for a place to start, this is it.(now, if they would only go to the same lengths for the mono version...)UPDATE - 25 March 2014Wow, there are more than a thousand reviews of Kind Of Blue since I first did this one, back in \'98. From looking at some of the reviews, there sure is a lot of confusion on which release to get. So...The original CD release (tagged Jazz Masterpieces in the upper right-hand corner of the front cover) sounds like it was mastered using the EQ curve for cassettes. And they did not make the speed correction for the first side. You don\'t want that one.The next Sony issue was part of the initial release of their Master Sounds titles. These where on gold discs, with Super Bit Mapping used for sonic improvement. The disc sounded better, and they did make the speed correction for the first side. While it sounds better than the previous release, it was still both sonically inferior to an LP release, and expensive. You don\'t want that one either.Sony took another stab at it in 1997. For the first time, they used the original 3-track masters, and played them back using the same kind of tape deck used to track the original sessions. Sound quality blows both previous CD attempts out of the water. The release is speed corrected, and for the first time, includes a bonus track. The 1997 issue is dated as such, and has catalog number of CK64935, and a "matrix number" of DIDP089266 (found on the disc, near the spindle hole). This is the CD release you want. That said, please continue reading.The next CD release was for the 50th Anniversary. While the hard bound book is really nice and the extra tracks are good to have, the sound quality of the record is poor. It is a big step down from the 1997 release: Lots of compression, and plenty of distortion. You do not want this release. I think Sony is now using the 50th Anniversary Edition master for the regular catalog issue.With regard to their SACD release (I only listen to the two channel version), it is significantly better than the 1997 CD, and simply crushes all other CD release into sonic dust. That said, there are two other SACD releases I am aware of: A Japanese Stereo-only (speed-corrected, with the alternate Flamenco Sketches), and the MoFi hybrid disc (not sure about speed correction or multichannel. it does not have any extra tracks). I have not heard either of them, so, no comparison is offered.That leaves the HDtracks Hi-Rez releases to talk about. If you are set up to do playback from a hard drive, you will definitely benefit. While I think the SACD sounds a little bit better than the stereo 24/192 release from HDtracks, the best sounding version of Kind of Blue I have ever heard is the HDtracks 24/192 transfer of the mono version. If you are not familiar with mono, your first listen to Kind Of Blue in mono may have you thinking it sounds Kind Of Flat. Part of what you are hearing are a number of phase problems being eliminated, since you are no longer hearing Coltrane prominent in one channel, with Davis prominent in the other.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002AGH', u"Think for a minute of your favorite albums, and try to remember how you felt when you first heard them. Some you loved immediately, and had to play them overand over because you just couldn't get enough. You went around telling your friends how great they were, and wanted them to like 'em as much as you did (they didn't). Others you liked well enough, but not enough to ignite that immediate passion. But over the months and years you came to appreciate them more and more, until you realized that you played and enjoyed them a lot more now than the ones that set you on fire years ago.  Why? because they are timeless. The music and words on them are truth, and a truth that you grow to appreciate as you grow older because you have experienced what you only had thought about when you were younger. The Ballad of Easy Rider is one of the finest collections of songs the Byrds ever put together. The themes of movement, world-weariness, and hope reverberate throughout the album, making it a wonderful companion piece to Sweetheart of the Rodeo. What makes this recording especially noteworthy is the fact that it was made with a Byrds lineup that was vastly different from the Sweetheart crew. This makes you wonder about how much Roger McGuinn influenced others. Grab this cd and listen to it for the rest of your life."))
(5.0, (u'B000002U0R', u"It's my humble opinion that Merle Haggard is the best American songwriter of all time.  The songs of Merle Haggard resonate stronger today than ever before.  It's unfortunate that country music now emphasizes tight blue jeans and big hair more than powerful lyrics and great music.  From Merle's early 3-chord songs such as Lonesome Fugitive and Sam Hill to some of his later work such as Are the Good Times Really Over,  Merle always tells a story with a powerful message.  I find it ironic that some of the very same messages we find today in inner city-rap music about doing time, keeping it real, staying true to yourself, Merle sang about 30 years ago. The book that comes with the CD set is a nice little biography about Merle.  Nobody will be disappointed with this collection.  Merle is the epicenter of country music."))
(5.0, (u'B000003CLD', u'The Freddy Jones Band is one of the Best Bands ever.  Their music is soothing and intoxicating.  I have had this CD play non stop for months in the CD player.  Based in Chicago, the band beautifully blends rock with a hint of country.  Smash hits like In a Day Dream, The Puppet, Texas Skies has provided an amazing base for this group.  I suggest investigating other Freddy Jones CDs such as Waiting for the Night, Lucid, and North Avenue Wake Up Call.  If you get a chance to see this band live DO IT!!  The still play clubs and small venues and it will be one of the best concerts you ever go to'))
(5.0, (u'6304907311', u'This video of the story, my sergei, is very touching...almost hauntingly so, and the viewer will never forget it or the love story that it tells.  I was, and always will be,so impressed with Ekaterina Gordeeva and her strength through such a difficult time in her life.  She shows such grace and composure for herself and for those she loves; and her relationship with Sergei is beautifully remembered in this tribute video.  The one thing this video does beyond all else, is teach people to appreciate the people they have in their lives.  This video would make a beautiful gift for those about to be married, or celebrating an anniversary, because it shows that love lives on forever, and is the most important thing in life.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000002LBM', u"In one word--brilliant!  This double album takes all the angles Prince knows how to play and takes it over the top to a place no one has been before.  Each song is a tribute to the genius of this artist.  Dance tunes (It's Gonna B A Beautiful Night) blended seemlessly together with spiritual tunes (The Cross) and sexy tunes (It) make this THE Prince album.  There isn't a dull or dry moment on this album.  True music lovers will delight in the way the album as a whole moves from mood to mood, from style to style.  This could possibly be the best Prince album available."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BLZ', u"From a conservative Christian college in Florida, to the earth-shaking melodies of &quot;Sweet Comfort Band&quot; to a recording of profound, historic, and soul-searching, reflective musical prayers, Bryan Duncan has definitely come a long way.  The opening song, &quot;When I turn to You,&quot; is probably one of the greatest testimonies ever written in song.  This song, subtitled &quot;Bryan's hymn&quot; says everything that every believer has always wanted to say to the Lord, but didn't know how, or couldn't find the right words.  Bryan's re-version of &quot;O Love That Wilt Not Let Me Go&quot; is fabulous as well, considering his slight alteration of the tune, and ditto for &quot;I Surrender All.&quot;  This is probably the best CD that I bought in 1996, and I purchased quite a few.  All of the recordings will strengthen your spirit."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VOO', u"Before this recording, I had never heard the words to &quot;Moonlight Serenade.&quot;  Barry's done it again, and again, and again!  From the man who charmed our socks off in the 70s to a sentimental journey-kinda dude, Manilow has given another breath of fresh air to some of the greatest songs in American history.  I remember when he premiered this recording on &quot;Larry King Live&quot; several years ago, and I not only bought a CD for myself, but as Christmas gifts for others that year!  The opening song, &quot;Singing with the Big Bands&quot; is catchy, lyrical, singable, and most of all, historical in the way it sets the &quot;mood&quot; for the rest of the recording.  &quot;Don't Sit Under the Apple Tree,&quot; &quot;Chattanooga Choo-Choo,&quot; and &quot;Don't Get Around Much Anymore,&quot; are favorites from the Glenn Miller/Nat King Cole era, and Barry has helped to bring them back to a culturally-bereft generation, who desperately needs to hear this music.  From the man who can sing anything and make it sound wonderful, Barry Manilow has definitely outdone himself this time!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000027T7', u'This multiracial, multi-ethnic choir, from one of the most vibrant congregations in the United States has blest the music world with a terrific recording.  The Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir (and none of the 200+ choir members have formal music-training)present the Biblical message of hope in Jesus Christ, our Lord.  Entitled &quot;Live with friends&quot; is just a &quot;covering&quot; when in actuality it should be &quot;Alive with the Power of the Holy Spirit.&quot;  Songs such as &quot;I Can Be Glad&quot; featuring Grammy-award winner Larnelle Harris, &quot;Midnight Cry&quot; with Michael English (before his moments of disaster,)and &quot;Hallelujah, Praise the Lamb&quot; with the Talleys are just three of the rapturous highlights of this CD.  All of the music will strengthen and bless the believing community.  Get this CD!'))
(5.0, (u'B000003736', u"The only good things about riding the Boston subway are the hot dogs at Government Center and the endless parade of fresh talent performing on the platforms. No matter what sort of day you've had, it's always a welcome sight to see Mary Lou Lord setting up her amplifier.  The set on her debut CD puts you right there in the station, passing time while you wait for the train. Most tracks are recorded only with vocals and acoustic guitar, and it conveys the soft simplicity and humor that are most appealing aspects of Lord's presentation. You sometimes make a connection with a live performer who's singing your request, and it comes across well here. A listener can feel that songs like &quot;I'm Talking To You&quot; and &quot;That Kind Of Girl&quot; are being sung only for you, on a warm spring evening at the station, with only a smattering of bystanders tapping toes and dropping a dollar in the guitar case.  It's unfamiliar to listen to Mary Lou singing with accompanyment on songs such as &quot;Helsinki,&quot; but it's something to adjust to as she gains more recognition as an artist. &quot;Mary Lou Lord&quot; is, at its best, a way for you to remember in five years what this soft voice sounded like before all the deserved attention came her way.  Also, if you aren't fortunate enough to see Mary Lou Lord performing under Boston (which she still does regularly), you can always pop this CD in, put on your headphones and feel the warmth in her voice. Just don't get carried away and throw your spare change on an empty platform."))
(5.0, (u'B000003CMZ', u"311 happens to be one of myfavorite bands. I have heard every CD and think their latest,&quot;Transistor&quot;, just adds anothergreat collection of songs to all of their music. Although this is not my fav. 311 CD, I think it just adds to the greatness that is 311. The great thing about this CD, is that it shows another side of 311 off. In the other CD's, they show the more punky, rock stuff. In this CD they show that they have a lot more talent than they get credit for. They can do rap, ragae, rock, punk, and metal. This CD just shows it the best. With 21 songs, &quot;Transistor&quot; is a great one to listen to. Any kind of mood you are in, you will find a song on this CD that willaccomidate you. I think that thebest song on this CD would have to be either &quot;Electricity&quot;, or&quot;Steeling Happy Hour&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000000612', u"Even the best &quot;confessional&quot; songs the best songwriters tend to be musically tame and understated in order, seemingly, to accentuate the message of the lyrics. Well, you won't find a more &quot;confessional&quot; collection of lyrics attached to more emotive and powerful musical phrases on ANY pop album. About three of the tracks don't hit the heights of the other six, but even this &quot;filler&quot; is pretty darned good. But those other six songs may well be the best six pop songs ever converted to zeros and ones. If I could only give 10 CD's a &quot;10&quot; rating this would have to be one. Buy this CD!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KBU', u"If you are truly a fan of modern music that your collection is sadly incomplete without a copy of Joni Mitchell's Blue.  Definitively one of her best records and probably one of the best records in music history.  It plays like a greatest hits album and it never disappoints, no matter how many times you've heard it.  Joni's songwriting is well known and each track is an example of her brilliance.  Joni has a style that is all her own and Blue is the quintessential Joni!  Her guitar playing and her haunting vocals push each song to its maximum potential.  Joni can move her listeners emotionally like few artists can.  This album can make you dance, sing for joy and then break down into tears.  For Joni, and for most of modern music, it just doesn't get any better."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HPV', u"Out of Bjork's many sporadic styles, this is my favorite. I'm really glad she made a whole album of this style. I like it most for her heavy use of electronica and interesting percussion. It's like buying a box of popsicles with only your favorite flavor in it. Then you don't get stuck with six grape ones that you'll never eat. That's how this album is to me. Out of every album I own, there are one or two tracks on most of them that I skip because they just don't do it for me. Not so with Homogenic. Every song is so good that I'd have a hard time picking a favorite. Even though the style is similar, each song has it's own uniqueness and affects my mood in different ways. Homogenic is one of my most listened to albums and will continue to be."))
(5.0, (u'B000005AZF', u"Even though she's only 34, Matraca (pronounced &quot;mahTRAYzah&quot;) Berg has been in the music for fifteen years. She has three previous albums and a songwriting resum&eacute; that includes hits for such well-known singers as Suzy Bogguss, Deana Carter and Pam Tillis. For some reason, her own career as a performer has never really taken off.That is a real shame. Matraca Berg is _very_ good. Her lyrics are smart, her melodies strong and her voice southern sultry and well-seasoned.Berg can tell a story. &quot;If I Were an Angel&quot; is about a woman who followed the wrong man to the middle of nowhere where she waits tables and contemplates her destiny, caught between eternity and the next bus home. The rollicking title track puts us in the pew one Sunday next to Jimmy Miller, whose wife just left for Memphis in Jimmy's new car. The congregation -- a bit like God -- knows all and forgives all, not least themselves. And &quot;Back in the Saddle&quot; is in the raucous voice of a dude ranch refugee who meets a bow-legged hunk in a cowboy bar: &quot;I can put you back in the saddle, baby/Yeah, stand you up tall.&quot;I believe she surely could.Perhaps the high point of the album is &quot;Back When We Were Beautiful,&quot; a clear-eyed meditation on the soul-aches and ironies of growing old. The melody manages to be substantial and delicate all at once, and the accompaniment -- piano, two violas and a bowed bass -- is a sumptuous surprise.This is a fine and polished disk by a gifted artist. With any luck, it will help make Matraca Berg known as something more than just a writer of other singers' songs."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VT6', u"Sarah McLachlin is one of the most talented young women writing music today. &quot;Surfacing&quot; has all the qualities that made &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstasy&quot; an international hit -- smart, introspective lyrics, beautiful instrumentation, and, of course, Sarah's strong, emotional voice. The songs are perhaps a little less structured, with less vocal harmonizing, but it fits the new subject matter --  less negativity towards relationships, and a more upbeat outlook. In comparison to other up-and-coming female vocalists (Paula Cole and Jewel come to mind), Sarah's voice is in a class by itself. Her emotion, depth, and range is unmatched -- where other singers have a weak, one-dimensional sound, Sarah's is multi-dimensional.  Added to the fact that she is also a first-class songwriter, you have an unbeatable combination. With the success of such releases as &quot;Building a Mystery&quot; and &quot;Sweet Surrender&quot;, Sarah is destined to achieve much-deserved fame and recognition."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IZ1', u"For those people whose only exposure to EBTG is the remix of &quot;Missing&quot; from this album, I STRONGLY recommend getting Amplified Heart.  Every song tells a story, and the results are devastating.  From the heartfelt honesty of &quot;I Don't Understand Anything&quot; to the optimism of &quot;Walking to You,&quot; EBTG take you with them while exploring the triumphs and dissapointments that come with love. For anyone who enjoys great acoustic music and honest performance, I highly recommend EBTG's Amplified Heart.  Whereas past albums delved into light jazz and Brit pop, this disc concentrates on the voice and the guitar, occasionally adding a piano or drum beat. I have owned this CD for several years, and I still listen to it weekly.  Get it!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GNO', u"Veedon Fleece is a stunning piece of work that grows with each listening. The album functions on an emotional level wholly removed from the ostensible content of the songs. This is a work about mysticism, innocence, childhood, home, and human frailty. The music intelligently surrounds these often too simplisticaly assaulted themes. This tactic does not lead to many conclusions being drawn, but affords an unparalleled view of the emotional territory and iconographic make-up of the late 20th century romantic mind. More of a musical novel than an album, Veedon Fleece will send shivers down your spine, and send you running to the dictionary to confirm Van's strange and evocative use of the word 'mansion'. Absolute musical goodness. It will kick your butt all over town."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GY9', u"OHMIGOD this c.d. is choice.  I am listening to it right now.  There is a sensual beauty in the music but the real brilliance comes out in the lyrics.  &quot;You ask me what I'm doin' here, hold this old lamppost, flippin' this old quarter, tryin' to make up my mind... If it's heads I'll go to Tennessee, if it's tails I'll buy a drink, if it lands on the edge I'll keep talkin'... to... you...&quot;Waits' nostalgia and grinning, drunken comraderie come in his devastating growl and the pure poetry of his language.  Gloomy yet headshakingly happy.  &quot;The Piano Has Been Drinking&quot; is one of the best songs I have ever heard- &quot;the carpet needs a haircut and the spotlight looks like a prison-break and the telephone's out of cigarettes and the balcony is on the make...&quot;  This album can actually change the atmosphere in the room- it is enlightening and intimate.  There is nothing self-indulgent about it-  it is about real life- waitresses and dead-end jobs, late-night liquor and broken down cars on bad streets.  This is the blues, done with lots of hope and heart.  I fell in love with this music instantly."))
(5.0, (u'B000001OAE', u'&quot;Alternative Country&quot; covers a lot of territory, and some of it is anything but pretty: &quot;singers&quot; who have only a passing acquaintance with pitch, and lyrics that are the merest transparent imitations of the sorts of sentiments that give the best country music its undeniable resonance. None of this applies to Gillian Welch and her partner David Rawlings. This spare, haunting album is a work of exquisite craft. The musicianship is impeccable and the lyrics take familiar themes of country music -- poverty, loss and faith -- and carry them, without pretense or condescension, into the realm of myth or archetype or something else as wondrous strange. A nearly perfect album.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002JUE', u"Rusty's the unpolished, gravelly punk band that Nirvana wanted to be if commercial success hadn't gotten in the way.  From the first crunching riff of 'Groovy Dead', you can hear the gleeful inattention to detail that only great garage punk bands can achieve.  The drums are punchy and loud; the guitars are ragged and energetic; Ken McNeil's singing voice recalls Johnny Rotten at his all-night-drinking-binge best. And yet Rusty can find beauty in the rough, with a pseudo-ballad called 'California' that fools you into thinking it'll settle into a pop formula, before McNeil unleashes his rage-filled wailing chorus.  A marvelous debut album that demonstrates the great promise of this Canadian band."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ES7', u"Being 33 years old, I am probably one of the oldest Hanson fans out there. I discovered Hanson late in 1997 during their Xmas Special on tv. Based on the song &quot;I Will Come To You&quot;, I went out and bought the album. I couldn't believe how great this album was! Every track stood out as a well written piece. This is definitely not &quot;bubble-gum pop&quot; as evidenced by songs like &quot;Weird&quot; and &quot;Yearbook&quot;. A very mature effort by some young talents. Taylor Hanson's lead vocals are outstanding, and the three brothers harmonize perfectly. This album is a fresh and welcome departure from the anger and sadness that permeates today's music. Don't be swayed by their ages. These guys are TALENTED! Go out and buy the album. You'll be glad you did!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002N9S', u"From the time I first started listening to R.E.M. in the mid-1980's, I have always loved their ballads (remember &quot;Shaking Through&quot; and &quot;Wendell Gee&quot;?)  &quot;New Adventures in Hi-Fi&quot; delivers several great ballads, including &quot;Be Mine&quot;, &quot;New Test Leper&quot; and the haunting &quot;E-Bow the Letter&quot; (a duet with Patti Smith).  These songs have sunk their hooks deep within my subconscious; I play them at least twice each time I listen to the CD and sometimes they play in my head even when I'm not listening to the CD!But the CD does offer some &quot;New Adventures&quot; from the band.  &quot;The Wake-Up Bomb&quot; and &quot;Departure&quot; have a much harder edge than most R.E.M. songs.  And you can actually make out the lyrics to most of the songs.The mood shifts constantly throughout the CD, both musically and lyrically. Michael Stipe's lyrics are as quirky as ever (&quot;I wanna be your Easter bunny, I wanna be your Christmas tree&quot;) as they alternately celebrate and condemn the contemporary world we live in."))
(5.0, (u'B000003S0M', u"Like all the 70s King Crimson albums, you have to get past the marginal vocals to get to the heart of this recording, which is the instrumental fire of guitarist Robert Fripp and drummer Bill Bruford, who more than save this recording from being a mediocre pop album. One shouldn't dismiss John Wetton's fleet, muscular bass playing either, although I've never been a big fan of his singing (he's since gone on to great commercial success).  Fripp's brilliant work on this recording, at once angry and poignant, spikey and lucid, was his best to date and established him as the dark lord of rock guitar."))
(5.0, (u'B000002P4Z', u"Debut albums that come out of nowhere are impressive, but a worthy sophomore album can be even more exciting.  In most instances, a performer gets geared up for years before making that first album, but the second one can prove to be a disappointment.  Only a handful of artists have been able to convincingly improve on that crucial first release.  Elvis Costello easily topped My Aim is True with the raging This Year's Model, The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan bettered his self-titled debut because it contained songs that he'd written instead of old blues and folk songs, and The Band was a better album than even the varied Music From Big Pink.  But Richard Buckner, someone you've probably never heard of, has done a stunning job with his second release, Devotion + Doubt. I first saw Richard Buckner open for Son Volt, standing alone on the stage with an acoustic guitar and his soft, whispering voice.  At first, I was not very excited to hear another earnest folkie and rarely am I impressed with opening acts. They're usually openers because they don't have the talent nor the acquired skill to headline their own shows.  But I was very impressed with Buckner, not so much with where he was at the time, but I could tell he seemed to know what he was doing, and that he'd probably only get better.  When a song that you've never heard stays with you from an opening act, as &quot;Blue and Wonder&quot; did with me, that shows that something is there.  I bought Buckner's first album Bloomed.  It was a strong collection of acoustic-folk-country music, but nothing that knocked me off my feet.  &quot;Blue and Wonder&quot; is the strongest song of the collection, but &quot;This is Where&quot; and &quot;Gauzy Dress in the Sun&quot; were good songs as well.  But a first listen to Devotion + Doubt was a stirring moment.  It's that utter rarity, a second album that absolutely blows away the first.  Devotion is a wonderful album, and a wonderfully depressing one.  Buckner explores the common themes of heartache and loss, but rarely have these ideas been explored with so much depth.  Buckner has mentioned he was going through some personal turmoil during the writing and recording, a divorce, in fact, and he has obviously used the album as a sort of therapy, to dwell on what went wrong, and why.  The problem is, there isn't always a why, and the lack of answers on the record makes it even more devastating, and rewarding. Buckner's lyrics don't always make literal sense, like `Won't you slump over, and stir my shuffle down?' from &quot;Ed's Song,&quot; but the music and his singing tell the listener what's going on here:  heartbreak, loss, loneliness, hope for reconciliation, and resignation. It's the imagery that Buckner pieces together which builds the emotions throughout the songs.  In the midst of these images, specific lines jump out and give away some of the specifics that led to this situation.  &quot;Pull&quot; starts things off, opening with the lines `He said I'll pull you down, she said Yeah, I know you will,' and lays the groundwork with its spare instrumentation that builds slightly and rolls back to the melody.  It's one of about six or seven of the songs that have a backing band, a band made up mostly of members of Giant Sand, and they do a fine job of enhancing without overwhelming a song.  &quot;Lil Wallet Picture&quot; follows, carried along with haunting pedal steel and violin behind Buckner's acoustic guitar. Buckner tells of the last few moments, `as you packed up your load, there was one last look, and the U-haul broke free.'  And as you see the lonely person left standing on the porch, he sings `damn this stretch of 99, that takes so many lives, one of `em was mine...'  Songwriters, most notably Springsteen, have used the highway as a metaphor for escape, but rarely has it been used as effectively.  In &quot;4am&quot; Buckner is searching for somebody to help him make sense of this situation, asking `where are you tonight?'  And the last time he sings this line, Buckner steps away from the microphone, calling out an echo-laden plea that is devastating.  Buckner is a big man with a beautiful whisper of voice, giving these songs a slow, late-night feeling.  His voice cracks and wavers while going from a whisper to full-throated bitterness, and it is the instrument that makes these songs so emotionally charged.  &quot;Roll&quot; is played entirely on piano, but there are no fills, no flashy fingerings.  Only the spare melody line to carry the tune, with each verse laying it out:  `As I go down, please take care.'  As with the rest of the album, Buckner uses only the music necessary for maximum impact.  Few musicians and songwriters have such a knack for subtlety.  The album concludes with its best song, &quot;Song of 27.&quot;  After all he has gone through, Buckner still longs for one last chance singing, `on nights like this my hope returns.'  But Buckner goes from hope to resignation with `I'm dreaming still of who we were, though I may be miles away from her.'  He realizes all he has now are memories, and the hope he felt earlier is dashed because he knows she's never coming back.  Buckner doesn't let you know exactly what happened. It's not important. But if things aren't spelled out for the listener, you still cannot miss what is happening. Somehow, a relationship ended, and we all know there are dozens of reasons why a relationship falls apart.  And Devotion + Doubt proves that there are no easy answers. Buckner has released a record startling in its restraint.  It takes guts to leave the songs so unadorned, to let the tunes speak for themselves. Neil Young once said about his most despairing album, Tonight's the Night, that the listener shouldn't put it on the turntable in the morning with the sun coming up, and the same goes for Devotion+ Doubt.  It's a middle of the night record, for when the lights are turned low, and conversations are held in whispers."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JEV', u'The first day I got this CD I listened to the whole thing numerous times.  The only time it leaves my CD players is when I take it with me so I can put it in my discman or in a vehicle.  I love hearing bands live and this is the closest I will ever get to hearing them live.  The live version of Stairway to Heaven is awesome and I have to say one of the greatest songs of all time, if not the greatest.  The CD should be in every Zeppelin fans collection and if you get it it will probably never leave your player either.'))
(5.0, (u'6302700949', u'Douglas Fairbanks created the laughing rogue we know as Zorro in the 1920 silent film version.  But the 1940 epic Mark of Zorro with handsome  Tyrone Power had the greatest fencing scene in film history between him and Basil Rathbone as Capitan Esteban.  There were 2 TV Zorros, also.  Who can forget Guy Williams in the Walt Disney version?  It is still shown on the Disney Channel.  Duncan Regehr starred in the Family Channel Zorro. Will they ever re-air it?  The new Mark of Zorro movie opens on July 24th, 1998 with Antonio Banderas.  People who have seen it say it rocks!  See who you like best as Zorro.  My favorite will always be Guy Williams.  Jill Panvini.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000000X5P', u"This mix of native flutes and electronic sounds fills the soul and brings to mind images of wide turquoise skys, red buttes, afternoon thunderstorms and the perfume of damp sagebrush.  Long tones, both electronic and flute, echo back and forth, evoking the sensation of being in the wide canyons of the West.  This is ambient music, so there aren't melodies per se but shifting tapestries of pitch; high and low, acoustic and analog, weaving in and out of each other.  &quot;Thunder&quot; rumbles mysteriously in the title track, created by a sheet of titanium.  This is an ideal CD for experiencing a mini-retreat, it's ethereal quality lifting you out of your everyday routine."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EXB', u"An excellent CD, a must have for both the avid collector and the new EJ fan...tracks like &quot;Something About the Way...&quot; and &quot;I Can't Steer My Heart...&quot; show EJ's emotional and poetic side, while rockers like &quot;If The River Can Bend&quot; and &quot;Wicked Dreams&quot; show off his impeccable and unrivaled sense of melody and music. In all, it shows off Elton's amazing versatility, and it almost can't be put into words the amount of emotions this CD can make you feel, but all I know is that it one of those you don't know how you lived without after you get it! You'll probably think so, too, so don't miss out...buy THE BIG PICTURE!"))
(5.0, (u'6300214710', u"In the 1980's U.S., of course teen flicks were the rage, and who other than John Hughes would bring it to us?  While Reaganism saturated politics and conservative notions of a &quot;classless&quot; society were rapidly being thrown about, Pretty in Pink arrived.  Although all of Hughes' teen-angst films of the 80's dealt with class issues in the predominantly white high schools of the U.S., Pretty in Pink demonstrates the most critical viewpoint of class, consumerism, capitalism, and how they all affect the high school hierarchy of popularity in suburban and more small town schools in the U.S. in comparison to its contemporaries like Some Kind of Wonderful, The Breakfast Club, or 16 Candles. Pink's main character, Andi, is a young woman from a lower-working class, single parent household.  She is academically robust, semi-financially independent, creative and thrifty, and assertive. She doesn't try to &quot;play the game&quot; of the &quot;richies,&quot; as she calls them, and rather, she stands up for herself and her friends in the face of &quot;benevolent&quot; middle to upperclass school administrators (read: the principal), smitten and haughty female classmates (read: benny and her friends), and exploitive and egotistical male classmates (read: Stef).  Her relationship with Blane is something which she takes with a grain of salt, and while she feels great affection for Blane, she is frank about her personal boundaries of acceptable behavior and treatment.  Thus, from a feminist perspective, Andi is a welcome young female character in the 80's Hollywood theatre which usually provides female characters so constructed by dominant ideologies that they no longer differ from each other, and become a token image (for example, the main character in Girls Just Wanna Have Fun or Cindy's friends in the film Can't Buy Me Love).  While the film is not immune from this tokenism, it offers definite progress in comparison to the aforementioned examples.  The film also takes a different approach to the then increasing &quot;phenomenon&quot; of the single-parent household (which was/is usually headed by the mother), in the fact that Andi's father runs the household.  While he struggles with his wife's abandonment, this seems to heavily influence his ambition to &quot;find a job.&quot;  While this issue is not awarded much complexity in the film, it is at least mentioned, and hopefully encourages viewers to critically discuss this situation outside of the film.  For a mainstream film, Pretty in Pink offers many alternatives to the popular films so-far of 1998. Rather uninterrogated images of class differences and class oppression like those seen in Titanic or in Clueless provide a surface critique of class hierarchy and how it permeates youth cultures and high school &quot;societies.&quot;  I recommend Pretty in Pink with the utmost sincerity.  While it proves problematic in certain areas, no film exists outside of power structures, culture, or oppression and it is our task as viewers to critically immerse ourselves in discussions of film and cinema.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000033OJ', u"This boxed set offers a good sample of the tremendous talent of Bobby Darin, who could sing rock, pop, showtunes, lounge, folk, country, blues, and gospel in the same show without breaking a sweat or missing a beat.  The first disc consists of rock songs, while the second and third focus on his pop material.  The fourth disc ends with a smattering of country hits (some of which topped the country charts), a bit of gospel, a good dose of folk, and several protest selections.  Darin wrote or co-wrote 164 songs over his short career (he died in 1973 at the age of 37), and this boxed set includes several of his works from all genres.  This is the ideal collection for the Darin fan, although there are CDs on the market that fill the gaps that a four-disc set inevitably leaves. (You'll want Capitol's &quot;Spotlight on Bobby Darin&quot; disc for his knock-out performances of Sinatra/Crosby standards only a few of which come on the boxed set.)  I never tire of this set because it always offers a song to match my mood (and because Darin simply was one of the most talented people to appear on the recorded media)."))
(5.0, (u'B0000036R8', u"I suppose that when I look at my CD collection I think of this disc along with Daydream Nation and Nothing's Shocking (or, god forbid, Nevermind) as the &quot;Misty Mountain Hops&quot; of my generation.  pavement is a truly incredible band.  They aren't for everybody--which is a good thing--but no one can deny their brilliance.  This disc in particular is the place to start with pavement.  Their earlier stuff is less likely to appeal to newbies, and their later stuff has so much more meaning when you think about how they got there.  It's also fun to listen to how their muscianship gets better with each release.  If you like their sound you can check out Archers of Loaf, Flaming Lips, and the last Weezer album.  Any idiot would recommend this album--I guess that makes me an idiot."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ZB6', u"This CD is recomended to anyone who wants to have fun...  64 trax of mayham any power violence fan would enjoy.  For fans of the genre, this is a good way to get some of Spazz's older stuff (released on vinyl) without having to pay an arm and a leg for it... plus it's on CD format, so you can listen to it in your car, etc.  And this CD is also good for those who are new to the Power Violence/Grind-core scene.  These guys have been copied a million times...and for a good reason.  If you like extremely fast, short songs, with often a lot of humor in them, then pick up this CD!  it's worth ever penny!"))
(5.0, (u'6300248550', u"I have seen just about every version thus far made of Jane Eyre and it was only until I stumbled upon the BBC version played by Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke that I truly fell in love with Charlotte Bronte's magnificent work.  Many have proclaimed that the actors do not fulfill the complexity of their original story-book characters, but I must refute such thoughts.  Timothy Dalton could not have placed any more emotion and life into the harsh character that he is in Bronte's book, and the same being for Zelah Clarke who, although I thought was underwritten in some parts, portrayed the very images that the reader might have conjured as they read the book.  And, in comparison to the other movie versions, this much more lengthy script performs better as we (the audience) gets to see the troubling and hurtful life Clarke's character, Jane Eyre, had to endure as she grew up in a charity school for girls and the cold-heartedness of her aunt.  I have to give two thumbs up for this brilliant adaptation of such an elegant and romantic drama story.  It takes the audience back in time and allows them to experience the life and love of Jane Eyre, which Charlotte Bronte so wanted to grant her readers.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003JBM', u"I was first introduced to Guru's Jazzmatazz in 1993 when Acid Jazz was big on the West coast, but had not reached my ears on the East Coast. While it's categorized as rap in many music stores, it's a hybrid of hip-hop and jazz, thus the moniker of Acid Jazz. [NOT to be confused with smooth jazz resembling &quot;elevator music.&quot;]Guru is its maistro, conducting distinguished guests like the smooth voiced N'dea Davenport and smooth guitarist Ronny Jordan - each stars with their own careers.Guru's &quot;No Time to Play&quot; is an anthem for hard working people from hip business man to funky construction workers. And when we do play, Guru offers, &quot;Loungin&quot; as our theme song.Different styles and tempos come together in this urban quilt of jazz samples and vocal textures to make one of my favorite CDs.If you like a groove, but prefer the kind of sophisticated cool you can play even for your parents over the hard core you only listen to when you're in full party mode, Jazzmatazz is for you. And good news - Jazzmatazz has a sequal, Jazzmatazz II, for its biggest fans!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003S16', u"In this late 70s pop/rock masterpiece, guitar virtuoso Robert Fripp largely sets aside the bravura heroics of his King Crimson days to produce an album of songs, with cleverly placed bits of spoken word between tracks.  The songs are nearly all highly effective, with especially good contributions from Darryl Hall.  The Ballad 'North Star' is one of the finest on the books, but there are also scorchers like 'Exposure,' 'You Burn Me Up I'm a Cigarette,' and 'I May not have had Enough of Me, but I've had enough of You.'  Sprinkled throughout are brief snippets of guitar/tape-loop work ('Frippertronics' to the initiated) which works effectively to bridge the songs.  We also get to hear a few unidentified people comment moronically, and others commenting sagely."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KBT', u'Definitely not for everyone and impossible to classify, Trout Mask Replica remains as influential, groundbreaking, wonderful and weird as it was 30 years ago.  Hardly anybody bought it then and few will buy it now even though it has been cited as a seminal influence by many musicians. The music and instrumentation is stunning as is the standard of musicianship.  The lyrics are startling and impenetrable, often depending on alliteration and onomatopoeia.  Folklore has it that the entire double album was recorded in a field in 24 hours. We have Frank Zappa to thank for the production and the original release.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000W9Z', u"Ok, first let me say this CD rocks!  The music on it should apeal to all those who are die hard Bowie fans and lovers of the first Nine Inch Nails CD, Pretty Hate Machine.  The reason that this album did not get a ten from me is that some of the tracks you just always skip, something that can get to you when you want to pop in CD and listen to the whole thing through.  Not only does this CD have great music, it has a kick butt story though out it.  It also comes with a little booklet so that you can read a weird story while you listen to music.  I recommend if you like it, you also look into buying the Lost Highway Soundtrack.  This is just a must have CD.  The best tracks are, in order of my favs. to my least favs., &quot;I'm Deranged&quot;,&quot;Thru' These Architects Eyes&quot;,&quot;Hallo Spaceboy&quot;, &quot;Outside&quot;,No Control&quot;.  Don't buy this Cd in stores, Amazon has it for arounf 3-5 bucks cheaper than anywhere.  Get Outside, here, at Amazon.com!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000WCX', u"This is my all time favorite Cd.  David Bowie has got his act together sense a few Cd's I really didn't care for, not including his Outside album.  At first look, you'll notice only nine tracks.  Trust me, they are not short.  Not only that, all of them are good.  The album doesn't repeat its self either, every track is diffrent, all of them are great.  This album also contains the original version of &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans.&quot;  If you love Nine Inch Nails, buy the single.  The single also contains a little bit of rapper Ice Cube.  The track, &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot; also has a great single.  It contains a Mandrin version of the song.  This album has a bit of a dance, or techno, touch to it.  When on tour for the album, David played in many dance clubs for the same reason.  I recommend you buy it now."))
(5.0, (u'B000000MHB', u'On so many compelling themes, Eric Bogle has composed some of the most meaningful and artistic lyrics and music of anyone I have ever heard. His thematic range is virtually unlimited. From anti-war to social conscientious themes on children and the elderly he blows me away with the creativity and flow of his words and music. I have heard him live in concert here in Ballard (Seattle) and was not disappointed. Anyone who is moved by socially compelling themes in a folk/coffee house style should become familiar with Eric Bogle. He also has a lot of fun, funny, lively, music as well!  I put him right up there with Pete, Seger, Woodie Guthrie, Bob Dylan, Bruce Springstine.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003B5B', u"Plain and simply put;ICE CREAM MAN is Master P's Master P-iece! The album that slowly scooped THe ICE CREAm man himself from a little known striving underground rapper to the Colonel Commander in Chief of the almost monopolistic NO Limit REcord that he founded; ICE CREAM MAN is barraged with trumpet sounding, furious screaming, and trademark UGGGGHHH's that have the listener's blood rushing through all 87 minutes of chaotic chimes and piercing sirens. BOUT IT, BOUT IT II! IS just as ravenous and eerie as the it's predessesor. Melodies like &quot;The Ghetto Won't Change&quot; and &quot;Things Ain't What They Used To Be&quot; expose a harsh world that a long time ago wasn't that bad. P gives his all in this intense LP. The least any music fan can do, is give him the respect that he deserves. Listen to da album!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y15', u"Pac layz it down with da intro song &quot;Bomb First.&quot; Reminiscent to a chime hitting, chalk-board squekin', bloody-shriekin' Gravediggaz cut straight from da studio production cemetary, &quot;Bomb First&quot; is a heated and chaotic soap box frenzy for the deceased Pac. Da tune iz perfect 4 those bomb bass hittin' subs and will defintely be felt 4 blocks on end. Tupac whips-up &quot;hail mary&quot; with similar ghastly backgrounds and an errie gothic choir overtune as in &quot;Bomb 1st.&quot; Pac shows his love and respect to the city of angels in &quot;To Live and Die in L.A.&quot; &quot;Blaspemy&quot; is a clean, crisp, quick cut track dat flows only like Tupac could flow with a tidal wave of anger and volcanic outbursts by the very expressive Pac. Pac, with his cut-throat, tear-it-off-the-wall lyrical approach takes no prisoners in his belligerant track &quot;Life of an Outlaw.&quot; The track is bangin'. It's all dat and a quarter sack.Like many albums before this, 2pac gives it to us straight up. No b.s., no censorship, true thug style. If your down, you probably allready got the tape and cd and half the LP memorized. But if your one of those very few that haven't snatched it up yet, We'll ahh I suggest you do so. &quot;Don Killuminati&quot; is a timeless treasure. Tupac's realism and his uncut expressive passion yearns to be listened to. From &quot;Bomb 1st&quot; to &quot;Against All Odds,&quot; every song on this album is priceless. So in short, get the album. That is if........Your Still Down!  - R.I.P Tupac  Don't worry there'z &quot;Heaven for a G'!&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"from the choirgirl hotel is a vivid and colorful album that carries on the tradition of excellence put forth by the amazingly gifted Goddess of music, Tori Amos. It containes an amazingly diverse track--something rare in this age of cooky-cutter grrrl bands and fly by night folk-rockers. Tori's piano is given a new dimension with the addition of a great devoted back up band. The album goes from the melodic &quot;jackies strength&quot; to the high energy &quot;Rasberry Swirl&quot; to the ending classic bluesy song-- a mix that will be sure to entice the Tori-phile in all of us. choirgirl is a must-have!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H9H', u"Am I crazy or is it just me who has recoginized the genius displayed on this disc?  Why do I always find this one in the used CD section?  Are we all just not intelligent enough or too apathetic about politics?  For me, I wonder where does one begin with the praise?  Taken alone, each track is its own gem.  Strung together, you have a brilliant masterpiece.Perhaps one way to evaluate a song (and album) is to break it up into music and lyrics.  Often you get a great tune but with words that do not leave any kind of impact on the audience.  Likewise, the best words won't sink in without clever or emotionally meaningful sounds behind them.  &quot;Don't Try This At Home&quot; covers all the bases.  It hits all the emotions while remaining true to liberal thought.Bragg's last album (William Bloke) drew a lot of attention because some claimed that he had &quot;sold out&quot;, that the once highly political folk/funk musician grew old and began playing pop.  To counter, it was argued that of course people and their art mature; that &quot;William Bloke&quot; was actually very political and even more intelligent than past efforts--that it reflected the maturity its creator had undergone over the past few years.I'd further that argument by pointing out that &quot;Home&quot; actually reflects a lot of maturity and wisdom, especially when compared with &quot;Back to Basics&quot;.  Tracks like &quot;North Sea Bubble&quot; advise that not every political situation calls for the same solution (Socialism).  &quot;Sexuality&quot; is all about practicing safe sex, no matter what your orientation is.  Even the more romantic songs such as &quot;Moving the Goalposts&quot; are subtle yet highly effective.  &quot;Mother of the Bride&quot; is just funny and great after suffering a break-up.In sum, each track is packed with color and depth plus wonderful sound.  Furthermore, there is incredible variety in the tracks, again both in lyrics and music."))
(5.0, (u'B0000046V5', u"Charles Brown is at his best on this CD. Perfect for the 2 am, one more cocktail kind of mood. 'A Hundred Years from Today' is one of my favorite songs on this CD. I think he fell short a little on the final song 'Amazing Grace', and that is only because the rest of the tunes are so complete. ....and a lot of people have done it.  I don't think one can miss with any Charles Brown CD - he is a superb musician and plays the ballad and 'classics' well.  This would be an excellent first Charles Brown CD to own."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FQU', u"As an example of the peak of the 1980's techno-alternative movement, this 1989 records never fails to amaze. Although never popular like such bands as Depeche Mode and Alphaville, this relatively unknown international band created in this release a record that matches anything else available for quality and creativity. It is an album chock full of tracks that are both dancable and cerebral, with a rich, full sound that this type of music is known for. Basically, if you like this type of music, you will absolutely love this record. Because it is one of, if not the best record of this type. You will not be disappointed."))
(5.0, (u'B000003S0K', u'Eno\'s visionary pop/rock album is a concept album without a concept. That is, when you start listening to it you realize that the theme that holds it together is disconnection. It\'s one long non-sequiter. And that makes it completely cohesive. Obviously influenced by Sgt. Pepper (what isn\'t), Eno uses the studio as an instrument, with cut and splice productions. Dense layering. Inaudible vocals in places. But also ridiculous, humorous, devious, and intentionally amateurish colorations. Also, Eno can\'t sing (a running joke), but he does anyway. Classic lyric: "Lucy you\'re my girl, Lucy you\'re a star, Lucy please be still and hide your madness in a jar but do beware. It will follow you. It will follow you." from Some of Them Are Old. Also, even though it\'s a given that Eno can\'t sing, "Needles in the Camel\'s Eye" is one of the great, original, vocal performances of the era.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000064F6', u"Brother Dave as he was and is known to a loyal group of fans influenced the development of recorded comedy as much as Muddy Waters and Jimmie Rogers influenced music.  In the rabid days of McCarthyism, the beginning of the Cold War, and  the Civil Rights Movement; Brother Dave brought out the dark sides of life through humor, forcing those who listened to think about and question their beliefs.  I am of the George Carlin, Richard Pryor, Cheech and Chong age, but Brother Dave broke the ground in the clubs and the studio's to give rise to a brand of comedy adapted to different audiences, in different regions, of different races.  Know Thy 50's and 60's mind set and history, then Rejoice Dearheart in the throes of laughter!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000V1C', u"I absolutely adore this album. From ballads to more upbeat songs, this album is a keeper. Brian McSweeney's vocals are tremendous, and musically, few pale in comparison. Seven Day Jesus has perfected the modern pop sound of today's music, and has taken it to new levels. And lyrically, these guys are all about encouragement and offering hope. I just can't explain how awesome this album is, except by saying &quot;You have to get it.&quot; For those who think music that sings about Jesus is nothing but a bunch of boring hymns to the tune of an organ, this album will blow you away! Give it a try. You won't regret it,"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VKU', u"There is no rating high enough for this amazing cd. But I will give it the highest possible. The Crash Test Dummies' follow-up to the good-but-not-as-good 1st album, The Ghosts That Haunt Me, combines quirky pop-rock songs with Brad Roberts' deep barritone voice, Ellen Reid's mesmerising back-up vocals, fantastic harmonica and bass, courtesy of Ben Darvill and Dan Roberts, and very wierd lyrics. Well produced by Jerry Harrison, of the Talking Heads, with a rich, full sound. They must have taken hours to rehearse all of this. The Dummies have won multiple awards, especially for this album and songs like MMM MMM MMM MMM,  Afternoons And Coffeespoons and Swimming In Your Ocean. The best track, according to not only me, but all the fans is Afternoons And Coffeespoons.But the others come extremely close. Their music can not be compared to any other band, so I guess you will have to go and have a listen to find out. I bet you will all have heard MMM MMM MMM MMM some time either on the radio or t.v. The third album, a worm's life was a little bit heavier and different than the other two. That's another great thing about them. Each album is different. The first one was more folky. I hope the next one is more like God Shuffled His Feet, and I hope they have many more hits. I have also seen them live and they were brilliant! Go and buy the Dummies NOW!!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005CG0', u"If you loved the magical sounds that came from the Yes of the '70s, but are ready for an update of that sound, this CD is for you! From the clarity of Jon Anderson's voice to the creativity of Howe's guitar, Squire's bass, and the sweet vocal harmonies, this CD is a refreshing sound for a sort of &quot;reunion&quot; of a once successful band. Most bands that reunite for a CD don't have the magic that Yes has. The more I listen to this CD, I find that I truly enjoy EVERY cut! Try saying that about most of the CDs you buy today..."))
(5.0, (u'B000002A4J', u'There was a four year break from London Warsaw New York to The Sweetest Illusion, BUT.... it was worth the wait!  The CD is nearly one hour of of Basia\'a best work.  It seems with each album, the quality of the music improves. "(Love is the) Sweetest Illusion" and "Third Time Lucky" are two examples of the quality of the CD.  These two cuts have soothing vocals mixed with the perfect mix of jazz and latin rhythms and tones.  Basia\'s voice is strong, not only hitting each note, but her range, both high and low--adding feeling in each song.  Just an aside, several songs have a interesting word play. Add this album to your basket if you enjoying jazz or soft pop.'))
(5.0, (u'B000006ATQ', u"In a world of cliches, jazz vocalist Maija (pronounced &quot;Maya&quot;) gives us a refreshing and always-surprising mix of straight-ahead and Brazilian tunes, alternately upbeat and lyrical.  Her talented voice has the backing of tight arrangements and able musicians including appearances by guitarist Charlie Byrd and trumpeter Claudio Roditi.  As in her first CD (Before We Lose Tomorrow), Maija brings a unique originality to her interpretations.  Notable tracks include the haunting &quot;Sea of Stars,&quot; her fast-paced &quot;A Sleepin' Bee,&quot; and her own composition &quot;In Another Lifetime.&quot;  From Reuben Jackson's liner notes:  &quot;A wondrous mix of sublime yearning and bracing originality ... bursting with lyricism and sensuality.&quot;  A must for serious lovers of jazz."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009NP', u'This is a collection of synth pop/rock tunes and soundscapes (for lack of a better term) that still sounds fresh more than 25 years after it was released. Following the pattern of Eno\'s "Before and After Science," what used to be Side 1 is pop/rock, and Side two is dedicated to the quiet instrumentals. I kinda miss having a "Side 2."Tracks:* Speed of Life -- Instrumental w/infectious guitar and syncopated synth. Doesn\'t seem quite complete, but more like a prelude to the rest of the disc.* Breaking Glass -- Pure rock poetry wrapped around simple guitar riff. "Baby, I\'ve been, breaking glass in your room again. Listen!" "Don\'t look at the carpet. I drew something awful on it. See!"* What in the World -- A poppy tune about loneliness, hope, and love. Listen for Iggy singing backup vocals.* Sound and Vision -- A bit of fluff on this disc. While heralded as a great single, it\'s a bit of twisted disco, but still a cut above.* Always Crashing in the Same Car -- Guitar virtuousity from Carlos Alomar, with eerie Eno-fied (either Eno himself or just heavy Eno influence) treatments. More introspection from Bowie, builds to a tidy crescendo and emotional climax.* Be My Wife -- Synthesized honky tonk piano over more Alomar colorations. Very romantic, if a bit overly sentimental, which is not what you\'d expect here, but it really grounds this album "side" to make Bowie\'s bittersweet isolation seem even more vivid.* A New Career in a New Town -- Instrumental starts out with an ambient Eno-like feel, then revs up into another pseudo-honky tonk jam with "harmonica," guitar, and other keyboards, then cuts back to ambient synth. In some ways feels like filler between the hot tracks of the original side 1 and the cool ambience of side 2.* Warsawa - A pulsing, chanting, synth masterpiece.* Art Decade - Contemplative repetitive theme over ambient/background synth sounds, conveys a big mysterious, cold space, and gives me the chills* Weeping Wall -- Synth "vibraphone" tinklings with various themes, has an epic quality with interesting chants and soaring synthesizer lead in a kind of ethereal call and response.* Subterraneans -- Eno and Bowie together at their best. It\'s a detailed Eno soundscape with Bowie overlaying a tender saxophone solo and evocative vocals.Bonus tracks: why bother? This is a wonderful album in its original state.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAT', u'No one has written a review of this album yet.  It would just be redundant, I guess.  Another great album by the Beatles, their most famous along with the White Album and Abbey Rd.  Starting with Rubber Soul, they went on to release 7 fantastic albums in a row.  Sgt. Pepper is right in the middle, and may be their peak.  Then again, it may be Abbey Rd.  Regardless, when our grandchildren look back on the 20th century, one of the first things they will see will be the Beatles.  You can bet in 2067, there will be an item on the nightly news with Tom Brokaw IV about the 100th anniversary of Sgt. Pepper.'))
(5.0, (u'B000004CSK', u"These are songs from the days when you could understand the lyrics. Some were silly, some deeply romantic, and some remind us how we used to cope with war and turmoil. They are very lively and the performers really catch the mood of the 30s and 40s. A 13-year-old neighbor borrowed my copy and I couldn't get it back so I had to buy another. When the group performed locally, a local newspaper critic who is a nasty curmudgeon couldn't find anything bad to say about them and even admitted to leaving the show with a smile on his face. The disc is an excellent representation of their show.The melodies and rhythms are strong and the trio of musicians behind the two men and two women singers give a wonderful blend of the kind of harmonies performed in the first half of this century."))
(5.0, (u'0790740850', u"The movie was successfully used this year with 11th graders in our school in their overnight retreats.  It was shown in sections of 40 minutes.  The purpose was to show the passion one can have by following the &quot;voices&quot; in one's life.  How many &quot;ones&quot; added together, like drops which form a mighty waterfall (an image used in the movie), can make a difference in our lives. The challenge of the movie is to be rooted in our own time and place and awaken to the voices of need around us.  The movie is a marvelous adventure for any person, but especially for the young in this anti-hero era.  Use it to help young people dream possibilities and be willing to pay the cost to change the world... one step at a time.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000VJM', u"This is by far one of the best introductions of Spanish music for the American listener.  While it is important to be able to understand the Spanish in order to fully appreciate the disc, Jarabe de Palo's Castillian is as easy to understand as it gets for the beginner.  The Spanish guitar and upbeat percussion carry the music not only to the ears, but to the feet.  Also, the universal sentiment of the lyrics will keep you laughing and singing along with the music.  A cd to buy and listen to repeatedly, even if you have only heard &quot;La Flaca&quot; so far."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BQK', u'After disappearing for two years since the last release of her 1995 album - Daydream , Mariah is back with a brand new album simply titled Butterfly . Butterfly was released last September 16th and proved to be an instant success . Even before that , Honey is already #1 in the Billboard Hot 100 Singles Chart .Mariah is famous for being the biggest-selling female artist of the decade . Her breakthrough self-titled debut album was released 8 years ago and charted 5 #1 singles . But it was her third studio album - Music Box that made her big . With hits like Dreamlover , Hero and Without You , this incredible album sold an astonishing 27 million copies worldwide . To date , she sold nearly 100 million copies of album .Butterfly features a wide range of tunes . Certainly , this album is taking Mariah to her greatest heights to come . Check out the first single - Honey , the soaring ballad - Butterfly , My All , Breakdown ( with Wish and Krayzie Bone ) , The Roof , The Beautiful Ones ( with Dru Hill ) , Close My Eyes ( rumours have made it that it is going to be the new single after My All ) , Whenever You Call , Outside and also the reprise of Butterfly - Fly Away . An album certainly not to be missed !!!'))
(5.0, (u'B000005IZ7', u"The Gospel at Colonus is one of the great musical experiences of Gospel music apart from the natural home of Gospel - the church. Here Morgan Freeman, before his breakout roles in the 1990's, acts out the roles of narrator and of Oedipus the King, to perform an updated version of the Oedipus at Colonus story (original by Sophocles). The staged version, seen at the Brooklyn Academy of Music and in Philadelphia (where it was taped for Great Performances/PBS), was on Broadway for only a few short weeks.The original cast performance actually combines the staged version as seen live at the American Music Theatre Festival,with two fragments from an earlier &quot;concept album&quot; - no longer available (1984, Warner 25182).In the story, Oedipus - having committed his unknowingly incestuous and murderous acts against his parents - now seeks rest and redemption at Colonus where he was destined to die, accompanied by his daughters. The Gospel at Colonus, staged in a pseudo-church environment, brings the sin and redemption story into the Gospel milieu. Singers and actors act the roles, sometimes more than one per part. The J.D. Steele Singers - especially the phenomenal Jevetta Steele - and the remarkable Clarence Fountain and the Five Blind Boys of Albama are the core performers. They sing with passion and fervor, and enliven the music with gospel-like improvisation.The music, by Bob Telson, is filled with many beauties and joys. Most notable are the opening &quot;Live Where You Can&quot;, the lovely solo &quot;Fair Colonus&quot;, and the deeply moving &quot;Numberless are the World's Wonders&quot; - the later of which is based on the &quot;Polla ta dhina&quot;, which served as a text which later inspired Shakespeare.No song is a wasted moment or a throw-away, nor is there any excess, such as those fillers which provide so often filler while staging is being changed in so many shows.Treat yourself to a real delight. If you seek real gospel music, go to the masters, such as Mahalia Jackson! . But if you love both gospel and theatre, and want something more than the usual fare, then go and grab this album while Nonesuch still makes it available.Thank you Nonesuch for giving us this great gift of theatre preserved on cd!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000029A6', u"David Bromberg is a very good player. Midnight on the Water is a collection of songs that feature musicality but never overwhelms the song itself. (What A)Wonderful World features the backup singers of Bonnie Raitt and Linda Ronstadt!  The range is from the happy-go-lucky I Like To Sleep Late In The Morning to the heart breaking The Joke's On Me. Two of the songs are instrumental - Yankee's Revenge and Midnight On The Water. Lots of picking and whistling, these songs help you feel what it must be like to have a lot of musicians playing together for the joy of it.  After the double CD set, How Late'll Ya Play Til, Midnight On The Water is likely David's best CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000006O89', u"I was given this advanced release by my sister-in-law who picked it up during GMA week in Nashville. It's  never left my changer since!  Billed by producer Michael W. Smith as &quot;... a new vision of Worship&quot; this CD is has a more mainstream sound than the usual fare of CCM productions.  10 tracks including songs by dc  Talk, Jars of Clay, Crystal Lewis and (old) newcomer Chris Rice.  The strongest offerings include  &quot;Brighten My Heart&quot; by Sixpence None the Richer, &quot;Draw Me Close&quot; by the  Katinas and &quot;I See You&quot; by Michael  W. Smith. (Although, MWS has always  been a better songwriter and  keyboardist than singer)."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MR2', u"This disc never wanders far from my player. It is almost a mystical experience every time it's played. From the haunting &quot;Sunny Sailor Boy&quot; to the concrete judgement of our times in &quot;Right Here, Right Now&quot;, I find this disc packs a wallop in so many different veins. I first heard Bloom on the Today show several years ago and thought he sounded like an interesting musician and individual. Coming from the Isle that has already given us U-2, Van Morrison, Altan and scores of others I figured I'd at least get a dose of soul, if not credible musicianship. I got both! May you find your &quot;Diamond Mountain&quot; on this &quot;Fertile Rock&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000003JBB', u"Jeffrey Gaines is the most talented singer/songwriter to come along in the past 10 years.  His songs come from the heart and make you think.  You will often find yourself saying to yourself &quot;I have felt this way so many times, and now he is putting all those feelings into words for me&quot;.  His soft subtle accoustic sound is garnered by edgy vocals and just enough power in the instrumentation.  His second album (Somewhat Slightly Dazed) is just as amazing as the first one and after seeing him live more than a dozen times I am still amazed every time I see him.  If you are looking for a fresh, bold new sound that won't insult your intelligence, give him a shot.  You will not be disappointed!!!"))
(5.0, (u'1575400766', u"Here's a little story about this book. A guy walks into a mountaineering store in Jackson Hole, Wyoming and asks for a book on backcountry skiing and the sales-lady shows him this book. He only glances at it an states: &quot;I meant a real book.&quot;Our society is in a misserable state of de-evolution and this guy is living proof of the sorry state of humanity! Needless to say, this guy is totally lame!Watch for the follow up book; TELEMARK TIPS! This review was also a form of shameless self promotion by the Mike guy from the title.For all your backcountry skiing needs, this book is your one stop source and it is full of MAD magazine (and R.Crumb) inspired illustrations. These cartoons are funny and informitive plus the text is awsome too! Black Diamond equiptment is the leading sourse of backcountry skiing gear and they keep a copy in their bathroom! Talk about a place of honor, what aer you waighting for? You NEED this book!  'Nuf said... Mike!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000024SI', u"If you were listening to this in the 1960's,than you already know. For those who weren't, this, along with Chuck Berry's 1950's stuff, helped define rock and roll as something that could be blues and country-based and  modern and funny, and have a point of view.Dylan sounded, on the surface, a lot more bitter than the founders of rock with such songs as  &quot;Like a Rolling Stone,&quot;,and &quot;Ballad of of a Thin Man (the famous 'Mr. Jones' song) but it's all done with a terrific sense of humor. He and his famous studio players take real American roots music and make it pure rock and roll. Hadn't listened to it in 15 years, so I bought it and blasted it in the car..sounded fresh and fine."))
(5.0, (u'6303921248', u"If you don't think a movie can do justice to a great book, you haven't seen Pride and Prejudice. The cast is terrific: Colin Firth is the perfect Mr. Darcy -- now I can't see him in any movie that I don't think of Darcy (I was enraged watching &quot;The English Patient&quot; because his wife was betraying him!!!); Jennifer Ehle is witty, pretty (not more than Jane), and elegant (as I'd always pictured Lizzy). They even *look like* those on the cover of the Pride and Prejudice book I have!  The adaptation is wonderful, some parts are even verbatim (I *have* watched it with the book in hand!). You don't even feel the 5 hours go by! One of my favorite movies, adapted from one of my favorite novels -- what more can I ask for?  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"I can't believe this woman's ability to recreate herself from album to album.  Well, actually from song to song.  This album is something of a departure, featuring a heavy electronic influence.  The band backing her up in no way detracts from  her magic.  Her sound  has continued to mature, from the impassioned pleas of Little Earthquakes to the amazing intensity of Choirgirl.  Everything this woman creates speaks to me in some way or another.  This album is rife with sadness and remorse, but these themes are carried with an almost upbeat background.  She changes with every song, you never know just what to expcet.  My advice:  Don't expect anything, just be blown away by what you get.  It's more fun that way."))
(5.0, (u'B000006DI6', u"I hadn't really thought about Jimmy Buffett all that much in the last few years.  I grew up with him - from his Montana to Key West sounds - and it always felt like coming home to a well-worn easy chair to listen to his music (sorry, Jimmy, that's meant to be a good thing.)  I loved his concerts throughtout the years - best one at Red Rocks in maybe about 1985 or 1986.  Having just returned from a first-ever trip to Key West where I visited Margaritaville Cafe, I had Jimmy on my mind.  A friend turned me on to &quot;Don't Stop the Carnival&quot; and it is mesmerizing.  The musical, written by Buffett, was first seen in Coconut Grove, where it received rave reviews.  The story, written by Herman Wouk, is about Norman Paperman, a middle aged public relations exec who leaves it all after a serious heart attack to move to Kinja, the tropical paradise and run the hotel.  What transpires when he gets there is funny, intriguing, romantic - a twist of whimsy and real life with great Buffett music and superior vocals from the remainder of the cast.  Get it, read the comments about each song by Herman Wouk, and love the Buffett lyrics.  Calaloo to you!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006O8D', u"I am an Ally McBeal fan and especially enjoy the songs that are so cleverly interwoven with the plots, but more and more I found myself looking forward to the &quot;club scenes&quot; with the &quot;woman singer&quot;  -- I discovered who she was and found the CD a couple weeks ago -- it has not been out of my (car or home) CD player since.  My 14-year old daughter (who has VERY different taste in music) has not only purchased her own copy, but has introduced her friends.  Vonda recently was announced for a concert in my area and sold out in 24 hours - much to my dismay!  Her voice is rich, her piano playing is inventive and every song she sings sounds brand new -- even the old favorites!  She is terrific and this CD is great. The band is also fantastic -- real rock and roll -- not alternative, not &quot;new age&quot;, just full, rich rock and roll!  Buy it -- you won't be sorry!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OZG', u"Always a visually great live band, Hanoi Rocks really delivers the aural goods here. The album was recorded at the venerable Marquee Club in London in late 1983. Hanoi Rocks were later to become a major influence on late 80's Rock bands (Guns 'n' Roses et. al.).A great live set which runs through their best material,and more often than occasionally, is performed better than on the studio efforts.It's really no wonder that Iggy Pop later (post-breakup) recruited lead guitarist Andy McCoy as the nucleus of his &quot;Instinct&quot; -touring band and W. Axl Rose and Slash (G 'n' R) have both co-operated with lead singer/sax player Michael Monroe on several occasions (Use your illusion, The spaghetti incident, Coneheads O.S.T.).Maybe the most amazing thing about this live album (originally a 2-LP set) is that it can actually be considered a good entry point to the recorded works of Hanoi Rocks!If you're into the rockier side of life a la New York Dolls, do yourself a favor and listen to these guys!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UXM', u'Looking back over the years at all the best records(cd\'s) ofBonnie Raitt\'s long and enduring career as a singer/guitarist/writer/activist "LUCK OF THE DRAW" is a standout. Everything had just come together for Raitt, the Grammy\'sshowered on her not only fortune and fame but long sought aftercredibility(with the public) and her new label Capitol spent the money to makethe money! The time was taken to make sure all those honorsweren\'t just a fluke but actually a Raitt reawakening to thetalents that lied within. Being sober and committed and usingsome of the best talents in the business Bonnie was able tohelp co-produce along with Don Was a very respectable follow-up to "Nick of time". Every song here just oozes with feelingand Bonnie is in an unstoppable groove and having now sold over7 millions copies it is understandable just why it went on tobe so popular. "Something to talk about" and "I can\'t make youlove me", both were the sought after songs Bonnie has been trying to lay down for to many years ago to mention. The timingwas right as well for Bonnie\'s non-pretentious sound and voiceto hit in America.  Adult Comtemporary and Adult Alternative radio station\'s impact and of course VH1 VIDEO SUPPORT,put her right into America\'s heartland where so many woman identified with allher heartbreaking, blues sorrow and...rock blues style and many guys just couldn\'t believe a women could be such an aggressive slide guitar stylist. It all worked to perfection. The rock blues of "Slow Ride", The country rock blues bounce of "Good Man", the realityof "All at once", the FUNK of "Tangled and Dark" spelled out arare musical talent that had just been tapped. Bonnie has goneon to make more excellent music and although this is stillabit more slick than what she is really about these days itas a whole had all the support going for it. Capitol has for themost part abbandoned Bonnie\'s most recent quests and it sadlyshows on sales but Bonnie continues on with nothing to provebut the skills and meat and potatoes or her rock/blues legacytrailing along with her. "LUCK OF THE DRAW" will live on(along side "Nick of Time") asher career highlights.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000018H', u'This cd looking back, was just a primer for what bonnie raitt was all about and the songs on this cd capitalized and hitan emotional button so many Americans were missing in music.Bonnie captures her love for so many styles of music, particually R & B styles and rock/blues and country/blues shehas done for so many years without much recognition. Bonnies emotions really pour out of this great record, no wonder she took off after this set! Although many talk about the song "NICK OF TIME" as being somewhat soft, supermarket tribe,just listen to the words to this masterpiece of songwritingand the flow makes more sense, reminds me of an Anita Bakerat times. All people needed to do was connect on a cut andthey sure did with "thing called love". The video was all overthe country with VH1 pushing it on heavy rotation. I overheardcollege guys talking about NICK of TIME in a music store asthey looked the cd over. They were all excited about her slideguitar playing so I knew it was breaking through to the public.At the same time "have a heart" was a minor radio hit, notquite making a top 40 hit but close. This song tapped intosome heavy feelings as well that many had lived through orgoing through. The roadhouse blues of Real Man, the classicR & B styles of "i will not be denied", the jazzy, "I won\'tlet you break my heart again" gave so much about who Bonniewas but to dig deeper and listen to "Love Letter" and the bluescloser "The road is my middle name" and you got a collectionof haunting blues/rock with some funk and R & B thrown intoa smash stew that finally got Bonnie Raitt a new fan baseand some long time fans finally smiling. This collectiondeserved everything is achieved and was just a primer foranother outstanding cd to follow, her biggest smash "LUCK OF THE DRAW", which dug deeper and had more fun and more classicsongs to take out onto the road, Bonnies homebase.'))
(5.0, (u'6304913893', u"One of the best Japanime movies ever created, Iria :Zeiram the Animation is about a female bounty hunter apprenticed to her beloved brother, Gren.  While on a mission with Gren's boss, Bob, they incounter an indestructable monster called Zeiram. The monster was under study to harness its power and create a weapon of mass destruction.  Zeiram breaks free and goes around assimilating people to stay alive.  Bob and Iria barely escape, but Zeiram assimilates Gren.  Iria vows to kill the murderer of Gren and does so with the help of Kay, Fujikoro, and Bob, who had been trapped in a computer when his human body died.  A great set of movies and one you should see.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062GK', u"Constantly changing and amazingly varied, Satch has touched down at yet another beautiful landscape of sound.Using a wide variety of guitar sounds and effects, and more layering than in the previous album, Joe has cooked up a very rich -and purely instrumental- collection.  Stu plucks out many of the basslines, and Jeff Campitelli is back on the drums.The album opens with characteristic fast riffs blurred into an uplifting and melodic Up In The Sky, carries forward into the heavy stomping House Full Of Bullets, then breaks into the spacious and alluring but also blindingly fast Crystal Planet, before stepping back with a simple but sincere Love Thing.  Other highlights include the ultra-sticky Raspberry Jam Delta-V, the singles Ceremony and Train Of Angles - both powerful and motive pieces, and the airy Secret Prayer.  Almost a finale, Time is a searching buildup of crescendoes escaping an ominous rhythm line, to find its home on an echoing plateau of peaceful atmospherics and exuberant monologue from the master's emotive guitar.  A lullaby for Z.Z. quietly closes out the album.Crystal Planet is a strong slice of Satch, and very highly recommended. -- Ryan"))
(5.0, (u'B00000634V', u"(Edited Review)..After reading all the pros and cons of reviews I only wantto add you really needed to have been around in Bonnie'searly days of her first 5 or 6 albums to truly appreciatewhat she's has done on creating this gem. Sure its not allfull of what people expected from the Don Was years, its not perfect, could have used that ONE BIG SONG,(again we go back to her underappreciated years with Warners) but I'm glad she took a right turn and gave her true fanssomething else to talk about. Quirky, full of style, bluesbased, a bit experimental at times but all Bonnie Raitt. I stillplay this collection(2003) cause its different(so use to the Bonnie of the 90's) for Bonnie but justput on a 70's Bonnie Raitt collection and you'll see wheremuch of this first all started. Talk about some dumb reviewsgive Bonnie a break, I think she knows more about music andmusical tastes and has every right to do whatever she pleasesshes more than earned everything she's gotten thus far andisn't a big sellout? for the sake of SALES. Bravo Bonnie forshowing some guts on this one."))
(5.0, (u'B000006DI6', u"Having intended to read the Herman Wouk classic for years I finally felt pressured by time as I knew Jimmy's CD would be out soon.  I found the novel captivating if not a little to true to life.  Even, or maybe especially, in paradise Murphy's Law prevails.  Been there.After having read the book and listened to the CD I proclaim Jimmy Buffett a lyrical genious!  No one else could have written the music for this show.  To me the highlight of the CD is 1000 Steps; Norman, Henny, and Iris reveal their innermost thoughts in a very catchy reggae tune.  Public Relations, Island Fever, Who Are We Trying to Fool, Calaloo, The Key to My Man are also notable and a delightfull mixture of different rythms and sounds.  ParrotHeads, this the sound-track to a musical so it is a little different from you run-of-the-mill JB album.  Never the less, if you like the book, you'll love the CD.  Can't wait to see the play!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006NXH', u"Or should that be &quot;Hanson did it before!&quot;? Featuring songs from their first indie CD's, this one is a winner! The three songs previously released on Middle of Nowhere are presented in an earlier form, but no less satisfying than the later recordings. &quot;Surely As The Sun&quot; stands out as one of the sweetest, smoothest ballads I've ever heard! &quot;Soldier&quot; can only be described as an audio Disney cartoon playing in your head! It's a rare treat that captures the dreamy innocence of childhood. After hearing this one, you WILL find yourself digging out those old toys! Overall, the songs are incredibly insightful for artists their age. If anyone doubts the talent of these guys at this point, they just haven't been listening!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006O4H', u"All kooked out is the solo debut for Stanton Moore the ultra gifted drummer from the New Orleans funk band Galactic.  Recorded &quot;live&quot; in the studio over a four day period with the eclectic alchemy of 8 string guitarist Charlie Hunter and super whacked out sax magician Skerik.  Mostly original compositions and an unbelievable cover of Thelonius Monk's piece &quot;Green Chimneys,&quot; the disc also includes guest appearances by the likes of Michael Ray, Craig Klein, Ben Ellman and Brian Seeger.  You will not believe how hard this album grooves.  I saw the trio play live at the Dream Palace in New Orleans, and the album successfully captures the funky energy that these cats can put out."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BE9', u"Sorry about the corny log line;o)  Apple has managed to produce on her very first try a work of genius.  Usually an artist takes three sometimes four efforts before they are able to produce works as lyrically and musicaly rich as Tidal.  Fiona's smokey,steamy, sexy and sometimes raspy voice drives right through to your soul and mesmerizes you making you want to listen to the album over and over again, inprisioning the listner with her lyrics and sex apeal.  Easyly the cream of the crop of new artist of '97, male or female.  I give this album a 10 onlu because I can't give it a 12."))
(5.0, (u'B0000026IP', u"Put this cd on and the walls around you seem to exude sensuality; it is an omnibus of singular, titillating sounds.  Kate's piano is wonderfully stimulating against the peculiar percussion tracks, and always an orchestral combination of electric guitar or strange men's voices, sometimes children's, or penetrating electric samples soar over the melodies.  And there are simple, gorgeous tunes like &quot;This Woman's Work&quot; in which Kate takes you high up in the air with her, tearing up your heart and then handing it back to you with a wink.  Songs like this have inspired a new evolutionary step in women's music, in all music.  This cd is stunning."))
(5.0, (u'B000006P6M', u"Old and new fans alike should immediately drop everything and grab this latest polished gem of an album from Charles Brown and company, &quot;So Goes Love&quot; (Verve).  Seamlessly pulled forward from a musical time long past, these 12 wonderfully intimate tunes from the West Coast blues master himself are without peer in today's musical arena.No one else could pull this off.  Who but Sir Charles could transport us directly to a smoky, 1940's-era LA jazz club and treat us to some of the finest West Coast blues, jazz and R&amp;B around?  Who else could lovingly present a 50-year old palette of performances that sound as fresh and new as the day they were written?  Check out Charles' version of Billy Eckstine's 1942 hit &quot;Stormy Monday,&quot; cozy up to his plaintive solo vocal and piano rendition of the 1946 Blazers' song &quot;Blue Because Of You,&quot; tap your toes and heels to the classic remake of &quot;Money's Gettin' Cheaper&quot; (recorded by Brown during his Johnny Moore and the Three Blazers heyday in 1948).  Listen carefully as Charles &amp; Co. effortlessly craft their personal rendition of &quot;Sometimes I Feel Like A Motherless Child&quot; into a timeless jazz/blues staple.Got the candles lit yet?  All the trademark intimacy and silky smooth &quot;cool blues&quot; of Charles Brown fill every nook and cranny of this marvelous new release.  The treatments are as soft as a mouth-filling vintage red wine, the band and horn arrangements round and full-bodied, the musical timing always elegant and tasteful.  And that voice  -  that husky, comforting, soulful voice  -  is simply a treat to hear as Charles weaves his 5th (6th?) decade of musical magic.For the novices still wondering, &quot;Charles who?&quot;  -  well, it's truly a shame your parents never taught you anything.  The ever-handsome Brown (76 this year!) began his recording career with guitarist Johnny Moore, forming the nucleus of the immensely-popular Three Blazers in the 40's.  From the immediate post-war peri! od and extending well into the '50s, the Three Blazers (and then Charles in the solo mode) crafted numerous top R&amp;B chart hits for Atlas, Modern, Exclusive, and Aladdin records.  The enduring popularity of such songs as &quot;Merry Christmas Baby,&quot; &quot;Drifting Blues,&quot; &quot;Black Night,&quot; &quot;I Miss You So,&quot; &quot;Fool's Paradise&quot; and many others are living testament to the popularity and success of the Three Blazers  -  and especially that of their lead singer, pianist and composer, Charles Brown.  Rescued from blues obscurity by none other than Bonnie Raitt, his popularity continues to soar to uncharted heights.  Mr. Brown is the recipient of multiple Grammy nominations, a Rhythm and Blues Foundation Lifetime Achievement Award, numerous WC Handy awards and the prestigious National Endowment for the Arts Heritage Fellowship Award (presented by Hillary Clinton this past year).&quot;So Goes Love&quot; is unquestionably my choice for Blues CD-of-the-Month, and quite possibly my Disc-of-the-Year selection, as well.  If this is your first Charles Brown outing, you're in for a treat  -  then be certain to add his 1992 Bullseye Blues release, &quot;Someone To Love&quot; and the earlier Alligator Records &quot;One More For The Road&quot; to your library.  No blues or jazz collection is complete without these recordings from a living legend."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAR', u"It is hardly seen any review on this album without any reference to its immediate successor &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot;. Nevertheless, it is much more than a mere appetizer for The Beatles' so-called &quot;masterpiece&quot;. In fact, this should be regarded as a masterpiece of its own, a brilliant collection of songs pointing out to the future. And it still points out, just as in 1966! Moreover, &quot;Revolver&quot; should not be thought of only as the turning point that it really represents in The Beatles' discography, but should also be considered in terms of what it means to rock'n'roll history. It contains sounds that had never been heard hitherto, that can only compare to The Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; (though with much more urgency). &quot;Revolver&quot; was the first sign that, from then on, rock would not be a &quot;youth fever&quot;. It would be &quot;young people's art&quot;. What word other than &quot;art&quot; could be used to describe such beautiful songs as &quot;She Said She Said&quot; , &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; or &quot;Here There And Everywhere&quot;? So, whenever listening to this album, make sure you will pay attention to the fact that you are listening to a legitimate rock classic."))
(5.0, (u'B000002ULQ', u"Once again, The Man in Tight Black Wranglers has delivered an album not like any of his previous releases.  Country fan or no, this is one album you may want to pick up. A little bit of this and a little bit of that combine to make &quot;SEVENS&quot; one of his best efforts since &quot;ROPIN' THE WIND&quot;. As loyal as he is to country music, he manages to choose and record quality songs, with lyrics that go well beyond any narrow musical barriers. Listening to any of his new music is like opening a Christmas present; you're almost positive you know what you're getting, and when you open it and discover it's nothing you ever imagined, you realize it's better than you could have expected! Give it a shot! Good music is good music, no matter what kind of hat the singer wears."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NDY', u"I heard one track of this CD on a TV show, and ordered the album to listen to the rest.  The entire album was a wonderful surprise.  The music is a mix of up-beat and soft, romantic tracks; the lyrics rich in meaning and full of images of the sea.  Beth's voice is clear and sweet, and the musical arrangements are fresh,  without being over-complicated.I have owned this CD for about 4 months now, and it is still my favorite!  Today, I'm going to buy another one by this outstanding artist.  Keep an eye on Beth Nielsen Chapman - she's going to have an important imapct on the music scene.Mark Jordan"))
(5.0, (u'B000002NHG', u"What makes this CD truly fabulous isn't only the fact that nearly every track is a Fleetwood Mac classic but also the fact that after so many years apart these five fabulous artists still sounds so incredibly good together.  Musically they are as tight as always and vocally Nick, McVie and Buckingham haven't lost a single thing.  Their harmonies and melodies still drive the music.  This CD is well produced and well crafted but it would be empty if not for the talent behind the name.  This proves that Fleedwood Mac still have what it takes to be dieties of the rock-n-roll world."))
(5.0, (u'B0000029JF', u"Mark Heard is truely an unsung hero.  Consistantly his lyrics and music touch us all again and again. The content is poiniant and real touching the strings of human nature and life. The music is compelling and user friendly.  This tribute album does Mark Heard right!  The Strongest Tracks are the cover song Strong hand of love by Bruce Cockburn (a consumate performer) and Nod Over Coffee performed by Pierce Pettis.  One thing lacking from the CD that can be found on the tape and the Orphans of God CD is the rendering of Worry To Much by Boston Folk Duo Harrod And Funck.  The only weak point on the album is Dan Russel's on contribution but even that is peasant to listen too.  I recomend this album and for all you first time Mark Heard listeners, try your hardest to get his CD's they are hard to come by and make any collection better."))
(5.0, (u'B000002C4J', u"I consider this as Celine's greatest effort ever . This album includes wonderful love ballads . All the tracks in this album has chart potential especially the love theme to the sweeping romantic epic - My Heart Will Go On . Tell Him - her duet with Barbra Streisand can be considered the Collaboration Of The Year . Other gems in this album includes The Reason ( with Carole King ) , I Hate You Then I Love You ( wiith Luciano Pavarotti ) , Treat Her Like A Lady ( with Diana King and Brownstone ) , the title track , When I Need You ( a remake of Rod Stewart 70's classic hit ) and Just A Little Bit Of Love . Certainly , another Album Of The Year for Celine !!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JDL', u'Transmission is the latest offering from The Tea Party.  The music on the CD combines Middle Eastern and Oriental influences with traditional rock to create a sound which is completely unique. There is no doubt that the three members of the band are an especially talented group of musicians. From the hard rock track &quot;Gyroscope&quot; to the deep, dark and moving song &quot;Release&quot; and the first single &quot;Temptation&quot;, the album takes you on a musical journey through all different types of music. With a sound that is new, unique, and never boring, the Tea Party reconfirm their status as masters of the genre. Definitely worth buying!'))
(5.0, (u'B000002LLM', u"Everyone who's thinking of buying this CD should note the following (it's stated on the back of the CD):Warning:  The music on this Compact Disc was originally recorded on analog equipment, prior to modern noise reduction techniques.  This Compact Disc preserves, as closely  as possible, the sound of the original recording, but its high resolution also reveals the limitations in the master tape, including noise and other distortions.Ok..  With all that said, (and I consider myself to be an average consumer), I think the CD sounds fine.If you're a PP&amp;M fan, this CD has some of the classic songs on it, including the all-time favorite, Blowin' In the Wind."))
(5.0, (u'B0000032F6', u'How you respond to this CD will depend partly on where you fall on what I sometimes call the "Stones vs. Beatles" continuum.  If you like your music clean and neat, this may just sound like second-rate stuff -- Lewis is sometimes in rather rugged vocal shape, and occasionally sounds like he might be under the influence of various substances.If it\'s raw passion you want, though, this captures the middle-aged Lewis in amazing form, a modern Pan full of arrogance and regret.  It\'s also got some great rare gems, including a version of "Over the Rainbow" and the old chestnut "Picture From Life\'s Other Side."The spirit is perhaps best summed up by his recitation at the end of "No Headstone on My Grave:""I don\'t want no headstone on my grave... I want a f***ing monument!"Plus, it\'s 42 tracks and James Burton on guitar.  What\'s not to like?  When I originally reviewed this album it was a 10 buck special, and I now see that used copies are going for over $100.  Hopefully someone will re-issue it.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000CSK', u"Three years after Country Dick Montana died (on stage), the Farmers live on in their best album ever released.  Every friend that I've borrowed this CD to has purchased their own copy.  The essence of the Beat farmers as a rowdy, drinking band is here in a live New Year's eve performance at the Spring Valley Motor Inn in their home town of San Diego.  &quot;Lucille&quot; (yes, the Kenny Rogers tune), &quot;Happy Boy&quot; and &quot;Roll another Number&quot; show the band's sense of barroom humor, but it's important to note how musically tight the band was.  Jerry, Joey, and Rolle move through &quot;Riverside&quot; and other tunes with reckless abandon.  I had the honor of seeing the band six times before Dick died, and this is how he should be remembered - live."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GY9', u"One of my favorite albums of all time, this one just gets better every time I play it. Among my favorite tracks: &quot;Tom Traubert's Blues&quot; is the essence of noir, &quot;Pasties and A G-String&quot; tells you everything you need to know about the lost world of burlesque in a single song, and &quot;Step Right Up&quot; details the cosmic history of the white rap tradition (Sideshow barkers, Medicine Show grifters, tobacco auctioneers, tentshow Preachers). This album is the aural equivalent of a rain-soaked night on the sleazy side of town, a sonic masterpiece by one of our best musicians, a unique and distinctly American voice. If you don't know Tom Waits and want to, this is the album to buy, and if you do know him and don't have it, what are you waiting for?"))
(5.0, (u'B000002U75', u"I had the pleasure of seeing the Leahy family perform at the 1997 Celtic Fest in Chicago.  The reaction of the crowd to this energetic family was tremendous.  From Donel Leahy's dynamic fiddling, to his sister's exciting Irish step dancing, the whole performance was one of electricity, and unbridled talent.  When they finished their session by all stepping to the front of the stage and dancing together, the beat of their feet was hypnotic.  The audience was stunned by the spectacle, and jumped to their feet to demand encore after encore.But be warned:  If you purchase the Leahy CD, you will listen to it morning, noon, and night.  It is a wonderful sampling of this truly talented and engaging family."))
(5.0, (u'B000001OA7', u"Mythic and ravishing. Gorgeous voices, excellent orchestration, and a divine touch of a Warrior's &quot;returning his soul to gentleness.&quot; The perfect marriage of a sound knowledge of classical harmonic technique and the mental freedom to add everything from harmonic toning to a digeridoo, all perfectly appropriate to this Hero's Journey that seems part of the collective unconscious of every culture. And the bottom line is that the music is so beautiful it's breathtaking: The first time you hear it you can hardly believe somebody came up with it. The poetry by Stuart Wilde could have been better, but the music by Wheater and an extraordinary group of female singers is one of the five or ten most remarkable pieces of music I've ever heard."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MSD', u'This CD is a musical retelling of the Faust story of the long-standing struggle between God and Satan for the Soul of Man.  The characters and story are presented musically (without narration) and the lyrics are sufficient to advance the story line.  Randy Newman has also included a very dry and very funny synopsis of the plot in a booklet with lyrics and song credits.  James Taylor (God), Randy Newman (Lucifer), Don Henley (Faust), Linda Ronstadt (Margaret), Bonnie Raitt and Elton John.  This album continues to be a favorite of mine after many listenings and I hope you get to hear it too.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000029YC', u"Wow! Not only was that 3 hr and 1/2 movie the best one I've seen in my life, but the CD was just as good! When I can't go to sleep, I put &quot;Hymn to the Sea&quot; on and I dream of Leonardo DiCaprio! (good thing) I love &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; too. Celine Dion is so talented and so no wonder she is getting so many soundtrack deals. For the rest of the tracks, they may not have any lyrics, but they are touching and they teach us the true horror and pleasure of being on the &quot;invincible&quot; Titanic. It is a true form of expression that allows us to become part of that massacre and it takes us deep inside Rose and Jack's hearts. Their hearts will go on..."))
(5.0, (u'B000000IRN', u"Assuming there are three types of taste for everything--food, song, books, etc--they would be: we love it, we hate it, we are (somewhat) indifferent about it.  With all the attention surrounding the passing of Frank Sinatra, let me suggest that if you are in the latter group (&quot;He was okay, but I'm not sure I get all the hoopla...&quot;), I would suggest this album as one that might help explain it.  A Frank Sinatra album was really a Frank Sinatra work, and he chose the best of everything--songs, arrangers, musicians.  This CD is done with Nelson Riddle, who for my money is the best Frank ever worked with.  Here Riddle is at his best (as is Frank) producing songs that, well, swing!  If you can't find a handful of songs to fall in love with here, likely you are either not in love, or wish you weren't!  For the rest of us, this is just what the name implies: a swinging good time!  Johnny Mercer and Jimmy Van Heusen's I THOUGHT ABOUT YOU is terrific--quintessential Sinatra.  While even a casual Sinatra fan would probably know and appreciate YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO YOUNG (a frequent Sinatra concert opener) and perhaps his #1 song with his &quot;serious&quot; fans I'VE GOT YOU UNDER MY SKIN, listen to the terrific versions of TOO MARVELOUS FOR WORDS, OLD DEVIL MOON, and LOVE IS HERE TO STAY.  He is at the absolute top of his game here, in my opinion, as good if not the best versions of all these songs, with the possible exception of PENNIES FROM HEAVEN, which while still outstanding, I think is overshadowed by the version done with the Count Basie arrangement in Frank's REPRISE years.Simply this is as good as it gets, and it is very, very good indeed. This is what all the fuss is about."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ETD', u"Folks that listen to a terrific station out near Greenville, SC introduced me to Laura Love, and I'm so grateful I listened!  Laura Love's voice resonates with deep, grounded, beautiful clarity which unknowingly draws you into her songs.  This album keeps you listening, as the songs range in variety and beat.  It's hard to describe the general tone of the album, as her songs vary.  I'd say there's a mix of bluegrass, folk, and one song even borders on celtic/folk.  It's just really neat, foot-tapping music.  I haven't heard any of her other albums, but am getting ready to take the plunge into buying another disc.  Enjoy, and feel free to let me know how you feel about her music."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LRJ', u"If the concept of obsession can be realized musically, it would likely produce this otherworldly, extraordinary release from My Bloody Valentine, an album that almost wholly emerges from the abundant volume and creativity careening out of Kevin Shields' amplifiers.  &quot;Loveless&quot; is astonishing in its endless innovation, in its sonic warmth and glistening melodies, and in the disbelief that such alien-sounding intonations could be created in an earthly environment at all. Resulting from two years of arduous studio perfectionism, the album was released in 1991 amid torrents of Manchester-based groove-pop pouring out of England, and was thus not immediately noticed upon release. It's now clear, however, that Shields had mustered something massive, and had somehow reinvented the beauty that dwells within rows of guitar pedals."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AAG', u"I am a big John Denver fan, mainly because of the beautiful melodies and empathizing lyrics he combines in each of his songs.  However, I am also an admirer of the person that he was- a romantic who had a true love for life, people, and the earth.  This collection of songs resonates with the values that JD lived by.  It's a great combination of old John Denver tunes with some surprising, but good, new songs. Though the intention of this album was to raise support for a wildlife organization, it does not contain many advertising overtones. Because it is a live concert, JD's candid words to his audience are captured, which provides an insight to the man behind the music. I recommend this album to someone who has not yet been exposed to John Denver, and of course to those who have already fallen hopelessly in love  with his music."))
(5.0, (u'B000003S5H', u'Every one that I have played this for (ages 17 to 54) has liked it enough to comment about it and ask me where I got it.  Moon Safari stands up remarkably to repeated listening and close scrutiny.  The arrangements are wonderfully balanced, yet unpredictable.  The creativity of this group is quite striking and their use of layering ... and of subtly changing the arrangments during the track, until the entire soundscape has changed is a joy to behold.  There is not a single song on this CD that is less than very good.  Great keyboards, bass, percussion and a delicious female vocal make this one of the most enjoyable listenings I have heard in years.  5 stars ... highly recommended. (Buy it *****)'))
(5.0, (u'B000006OHD', u"All of us wanted to be just like him.  The &quot;babes,&quot; the highballs, the high-rolling at Vegas, the big-shot friends and tough-guy attitude. We'd finger-pop to his Songs for Swingin' Lovers, and we could act like a million copy-cat lounge singers, cheesy imitators of The Man. In 1955, the release of In the Wee Small Hours caught us by surprise.... These are not songs about getting a &quot;boot&quot; out of you, or wingin' down to llama-land.... These aren't chestnuts in blossom, or roaring traffic's boom. These are songs about hurt.  We knew about Ava Gardner, and the three children and the loving wife who'd been left behind, and how eleven months later the whole world had fallen apart.  And these songs, on this album, told the story--not so much in the literal lyrics, or in Nelson Riddle's wisely understated orchestration, but in the tenor to the voice, the pause, the restraint, the catch, the waver..... &quot;I Get Along Without You Very Well?&quot; I'm &quot;Glad to be Unhappy?&quot;  In this classic collection of wistful songs is the essence of Frank Sinatra's singular greatness.It was the turning point when we no longer wanted to be just like him; it was when we realized that he was just like us.Go ahead: Listen to the sparse opening notes of &quot;In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning,&quot; and know that he wasn't just an icon, he was a man like you and me. And once we had made this discovery, Frank Sinatra's incredible connection to us--unlike that of any other performer in our generation--was complete.If you want one album by which to remember ol blue eyes... this is the one."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G38', u"that include such terrific female singer bands such as 10,000 Maniacs, The Sundays, Everything But the Girl, Sarah McLachlan, etc.  I throw this list together - Natalie Merchant is most like Karen Peris, who along with her husband Don founded the Innocence Mission from their early days in Pennsylvania along with two friends.  The music is searching, Karen's vocals and lyrics create some angst but for the most part remind us of memories and relationships gone by.  The previous two albums, self-titled and &quot;Umbrella&quot;, are worth everyone's while.  Harmony and melody prevail, with some neat guitar openings to set the stage for Karen.  When I think most of an album to compare any of the Innocence Mission albums with I think of Natalie Merchant's &quot;Tiger Lily.&quot;  As an afterthought, Karen is quite a pianist."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S3V', u"The Moon and the Melodies has long since been one of my favorite Twins albums.  It is actually called Raymonde, Guthrie, Budd, Fraser: The Moon and the Melodies after The Cocteau Twins (actually three): Elizabeth Fraser, Simon Raymonde and Robin Guthrie joined by Harold Budd (I think I have the names in the correct order).  This CD is difficult to obtain and might be termed the equivalent of a Windham Hill Cocteau Twins, with no vocals and beautiful, slow, definitive, keyboard arrangements that cascade forward, with open spaces and unerring continuity.  For those of you that are fans, this is the opposite of &quot;Garlands&quot;. It is the most accessible Twins for your parents and your patient, intense moments, and not the first CD you would play to make someone a quick first time fan, like &quot;Heaven or Las Vegas&quot;. The closest musical comparisons I come up with is Brian Eno's &quot;Music for Airports&quot; on a condensed version or some of David Sylvian / Japan / Rain Tree Crow instrumentals."))
(5.0, (u'B000000QO5', u"Pastor Maceo Woods and the Christian Tabernacle Choir have long been known for their simple, elegant and exuberant gospel performances. This CD catches them in their early days, almost 30 years ago. While the choir still attracts thousands to their annual concert in Chicago, they don't record as often as I like. New recording choirs take note: Choirs like Christian Tabernacle paved the way for your success today. Also, some of the same soloists who are featured on these tracks are still singing with the group today. Yet another testimony to the fact that gospel is not simply music, it is also a ministry."))
(5.0, (u'B0000057OQ', u"Biosphere is Geir Jenssen, former keyboardist for the Norwegian band Bel Canto.  Since leaving that group to pursue solo projects, he's just kept getting better and better.  _Substrata_ is his best effort to date, and easily the finest ambient recording of 1997--even better than Brian Eno's (whose voice, I would swear, appears on a couple of tracks even though his name isn't in the credits).The techno beat which characterized many tracks on earlier Biosphere offerings (the hard-to-find imports _Patashkin_ and _Microgravity_) is gone in favor of a smooth, clean blending of electronics and spare, delicate guitar lines.  One also hears sampled voices, bells, and indeterminate environmental sounds suggesting the high-latitude cold of Jenssen's home town of Tromso, north of the Arctic Circle.If you like ambient music, don't miss this!  A veritable cascade of sound.  The absence of anything harsh, abrasive, or distracting makes this a good meditation cd, too.  Very highly recommended."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NHN', u'I have listened to several of her previous cds but i think this one really comes together and defines what she is all about.  So many good songs on this cd, its hard to list a favorite. I chose Dantes prayer to be played when my dad passed away this past march, it was such a beautiful song (although the theme of dantes and the devil and all that had nothing to do with the beautiful words. so many people after the service asked me who that singer was i made copies of the words. i am very impressed with this cd and look forward to seeing her live in the boston area at some point!'))
(5.0, (u'B000005ITX', u"When I first heard this record, a friend in high school (circa 1980) would lure me to his car with *conventional* rock-and-roll, and then, once the car was moving, make me listen to this 8-track.  I thought it was the silliest thing I'd heard -- the orchestration made me think of those horrible Glen Campbell records like Wichita Lineman. And the lyrics - what was a Styx fan to think?  O.K., my first impressions were way out of line.  I was young and foolish; I was wrong.This record is a twisted, priceless gem.  It's odd and quirky, original to a fault (i.e. radio didn't touch it) and every rock fan who dismisses it without at least a few dozen plays will be poorer for it."))
(5.0, (u'B000005JI5', u"When Frank Sinatra decided to leave Capitol and start his own label (Reprise), he was disappointed to find out that, after all he had done for Capitol, they were not simply going to let him walk away.  He was under contract for a few more albums, and he would have to do them.  This is one of those albums, and the conventional wisdom is that, since Sinatra was so angry, his effort was a half-hearted one at best.  And such may actually be true; but I differ greatly from the serious Sinatra-philes on this album, in that I think it is great fun to listen to.  It doesn't try for the profound, but perhaps that is a tribute to Sinatra (and Riddle's) greatness--a &quot;workman-like&quot; performance is still better than most others best.  And I STILL contend this is damn good fun!  I have always enjoyed WHEN YOU'RE SMILIN', IT ALL DEPENDS ON YOU, PAPER MOON and BLUE HEAVEN...where exactly do these songs fall short?  I remember reading once that someone said, &quot;Look at how short the songs are on this album...he wasn't even trying.&quot;  Some of Frank's best work has been songs barely 2:30 in length.  Since when did that become a yardstick?  (One of my favorite versions of &quot;TOO MARVELOUS FOR WORDS&quot; isn't even 2 minutes long!)  If you are interested in a song that is clever and entertaining, albeit perhaps slightly politically incorrect, &quot;OL' MacDONALD&quot; would be that tune.  (Yes, it's THAT &quot;Ol' MacDonald&quot;...with the farm, but this one has a classic, amusing  Sinatra twist, and the tune really swings!)  All in all, like the cheese, ultimately I stand alone on this, evidently, because conventional wisdom says this is not Sinatra at his most committed.  Perhaps, but I say, if you like his uptempo stuff (especially with Riddle) this not only won't disappoint you, you'll be pleased indeed.  This is a fun album! (Take that, you Sinatra snobs...I'm going to listen to it right now!!!)"))
(5.0, (u'B000005M30', u"Concierto Acustico, Santa Sabina's first stab at trying an unplugged record, shows all the quality this group can put to work in music. Literary references abound in their songs, from Jean Paul Sartre to Anne Rice ( in the song &quot; Cancion para Louis vampiro), accompanied by the poetry of Rita Guerrero, the band's singer. The music is a mixture between Jazz, Funk, dark, and Rock. The virtuousity of the musicians shines through in every song.A good record, which shows their finest abilities, fails to sometiems convey what it is like being in their concerts, (The MTV unplugged record they made for BMG international last year is far superior in the &quot;live&quot; aspect). It is, though, a good sample of the message music can carry: this is a cultural product of the highest quality."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062EZ', u"Miles Davis at Carnegie Hall is a perfect complement for any serious fan of Jazz.  The playing is certainly imperfect at times, notice the Orchestral breakdown durring the introduction to So What, but taken as a whole is truly breathtaking.  This album combines the Miles Davis Quintet (although not in its greatest incarnation c. 1956 but still a kicking group, and certainly the swingingist of any that Miles played with) and the Gil Evans Orchestra.  The music choices exhibit Miles' transition from the bob and cool jazz of the 50's to the more free form music of the 60's.  Here, Miles shines as the avant garde musician.  The highlight of the CD, for me, is the great version of Walkin', a Miles Davis standard for years, played with an intensity lacking in earlier versions.  Of course to hear the song in full bloom, check out the Plugged Nickel versions."))
(5.0, (u'B000005CS0', u"The Bothy Band lasted only a few years in the mid-1970's, but its influence on contemporary Irish music is indelible.  Its personnel went on to distinguished careers:  the O Domhnaill brother-and-sister team anchored the groups Relativity and Nightnoise, Tommy Peoples (who appeared with the Bothies on this album only) made a number of solo and duo recordings, Kevin Burke (who succeeded him) has recorded with several groups including his own Patrick Street, and Matt Molloy joined the Chieftains.  This recording captures a group of outstanding musicians just coming into their own individually, and the combination is electric.  As the late Frankie Kennedy of Altan remarked, they played the tunes straightforwardly, but &quot;they had the fire in their bellies&quot; ... and it's nowhere more evident than on this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000003O8H', u"&quot;Sing A Powerful Song&quot; is the first American release for the Saw Doctors,a spirited band from the West of Ireland.  A compilation of some of the best songs from three previous European releases, this album illustrates an impressive creative range which employs intricate, animated lyrics put to compelling rock and country-influenced compositions.  Heartfelt ballads such as &quot;Red Cortina&quot;, &quot;Clare Island&quot;, and &quot;Wake Up Sleeping&quot; conjure up lively memories of first love or speak of plaintive longing.  Stirring anthems such as &quot;The Green and Red of Mayo&quot;, &quot;N17&quot;, and &quot;To Win Just Once&quot; describe the beauty and essence of homeland.  A masterpiece of irreverence, &quot;I Useta Lover&quot;, a number one hit for many weeks in Ireland and England, tells of a young man's wavering lusts in the context of a Catholic upbringing.  Strong, gritty vocals blend with solid musicianship on guitar, drums, and keyboard to form the Saw Doctor's unique style."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TAB', u"This is my second favourite Nirvana record (after Bleach). It's a compilation of various outtakes, b-sides, and also BBC radio sessions. The album opens in fantastic style, with the super-rockin' &quot;Dive&quot;, followed by (in my opinion) the best ever Nirvana song, &quot;Sliver&quot; (which is totally unlike anything else they did). From then on, the album is split into two distinct halves. The first half is very happy, cheerful stuff, with a whole lot of  covers (some from The Vaselines, and a brilliant Devo cover). This is Nirvana at their most happy. The second half is mostly Bleach-outtakes, and so is a lot heavier and not so friendly to the listener. It also sees Kurt messing around a lot with his voice, trying out different stuff. It takes a while to get into the second half of the album, but it's well worth it. There is some great  music going down here. &quot;Beeswax&quot;, &quot;Mexican Seafood&quot; and &quot;Hairspray Queen&quot; all have killer tunes. Check out the bassline on &quot;Hairspray Queen&quot;  - I love that damn bassline! &quot;Downer&quot; is a great song, which is also the last track on the Bleach CD. &quot;Beeswax&quot; has some potentially-very-crazy-and-cool lyrics. All in all, this is a really great grab-bag of stuff. Lots of cool songs - Buy it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000EMY', u"This CD, as well as Tyson's others, are filled with wonderful solid music.  Don't confuse Tyson with a County Western Singer, you won't hear songs about a dog running away or a truck breaking down.  This is traditional Western music; songs about everyday ranch life, rodeos, cowboy life, with American and Western history mixed in.  It's touching, humerous, sad, and at times baffling.  Get a cowboy to translate for you or just have fun trying to fiqure out some of the cowboy lingo he uses yourself.  (You don't need to be a cowboy to enjoy the music.  But, it is even better when you understand what he is singing about)."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HOM', u"If you can't make it to Westport, County Mayo, to spend an evening at Matt Molloy's pub, this is the next best thing.  A thoroughly high-caliber group of musicians contributed to this album in a variety of styles, from traditional unaccompanied &quot;sean-nos&quot; singing to &quot;everyone on board&quot; instrumentals.  The recordings are live and unedited (amazingly enough, given the quality of the performances), and the pub atmosphere is imparted by background conversations, clinking bottles, and even a broken glass.  Part of the flavor of traditional Irish music is the interaction between the musicians, the tunes, and the audience, and this recording conveys that better than anything else I've ever heard.  I could have done without the Westport step-dancers thumping their way through the final track, but Iarla o Lionard's solo is a knockout.  Almost as much fun as being there -- and your clothes don't reek of the smoke afterwards."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HQD', u"Matt Molloy has been making recordings for nearly 25 years, plus keeping up a grueling performance schedule with various bands and running a pub in his spare time.  But his musicianship has, if anything, gotten better:  this album displays his skills in everything from the most straightforward traditional melodies to his own compositions, and even a Chinese tune.  The supporting cast includes a fine &quot;lilter,&quot; several long-time associates, and even a brief solo by Altan's foundress/singer.  The suite &quot;The Music of the Seals&quot; is well done, and &quot;The Banshee&quot; is downright scary.  I think Molloy's breathwork has suffered a little (probably from all those years of inhaling smoky pub atmospheres), but he's still a consummate musician."))
(5.0, (u'B0000035GZ', u"Wow! I bought this CD without knowing anything about the band, or really what they would sound like...Usually purchases like that turn out to be crap, but not this time! This is one of the best CDs I've ever heard. Jack Endino (who recorded Nirvana's &quot;Bleach&quot;, as well as many, many other things) is a genius! His recording perfectly brings out the powerful rock and sweet melodies of this great (and now split-up) band. Pete Krebs and Jody Bleyle sing fantastically. Jody's drumming is  really cool, and hey, so's everything else! This album is pure grunge, although perhaps it's not fair to say that. It rocks more than mostly everything else in this world. The first 4 songs on the album are fantastic. The rest of the album is mostly excellent. The only real bad point is one song (&quot;Constipation&quot;). Apart from that slight stumble, this is one sweet and kick-ass record."))
(5.0, (u'B000001UIC', u"An award-winning Scottish fiddler and a New-Agey pianist combine forces, and the results are pure magic.  They stay true to the traditional tunes (instead of, for example, jazzing up the rhythms or tweaking the tempi);  the innovation lies in Machlis' fresh harmonies and Fraser's discreet use of improvisation.  The tunes (mostly unfamiliar) are a good selection and well contrasted, and the title track, played as a slow air, is one of the most haunting melodies I've ever heard.  Ever since the first time I heard it (on the late, lamented KLRS in Monterey, CA), this album has been on my &quot;most likely to take to a desert island&quot; list."))
(5.0, (u'B000001UIS', u"The artists who made the original &quot;Skyedance&quot; album (Machlis and Fraser) join here with a group of other outstanding musicians and a passel of original tunes.  While the quality of the compositions varies and the arrangements are occasionally repetitious, in general the album is a delight.  (One major contributor to its success is the terrific percussionist Peter Maund, who did wonders on Ensemble Alcatraz' early music albums a few years back.)  The performances, whether cheery or melancholy, are spirited.  Much traditional Scottish music consists of dance tunes, and this album never wanders out of sight of those roots.  And you've gotta love someone who names a tune &quot;The Braemar Cappuccino&quot;!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000026WD', u"This... not Thriller is Michael's best album.  Unfortunately few people will ever realize this.  To really appreciate this album it must be experienced on a real sound system.  Not just some  cheap stereo bought at a discount or department store.  The more I listened to it the more I heard all of the different instruments and rhythms syncopated so brilliantly together.As with most solo Michael efforts, the songs seemlessly build in intensity and add instruments and rhythms without the listener really being aware of their entry.He also brings a lot of feeling to these songs.  A great example is on &quot;Can't let her get away&quot; where he says 'I told you that I need you, a thousand times and why, I played the fool for you and still you said goodbye'  To me that says a whole lot with just a few words.Most of Michael's fans get so wrapped up in his performing and the spirit of the music they don't take the time to really listen and hear how talented he is musically.If you've got the album, listen again.  If you don't I highly recommend a purchase.  Don't dance, don't sing... just listen and hear.I think if you asked Michael himself, he would say that this was his best album."))
(5.0, (u'B000006R8I', u"She's back! And if you are a fan, this is a must-have, especially if you are a fan of the early country days. Olivia's voice is great and she sings with the feeling that comes from a lot of life experiences - broken relationships, a battle (and victory) with cancer and being a mother. Each song has an individual feel to it- some more country than others. It ends with a great new release of an old favorite - I Honestly Love You. Thanks, Livvie for a great addition to our collection. We'd love a live album from the tour (hint, hint)!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001BB2', u"It isn't often that I enjoy an entire album, and this is amongthose few.  Highlights of this 25th anniversary collection include&quot;Girl from the Hiring Fair,&quot; and &quot;The Ferryman,&quot; which surpasses the original version from his classic You, Well-Meaning Brought Me Here (1971 &amp; 1998).&quot;Barges&quot; (featuring Alan Davies, former sideman for Cat Stevens), has a different feel from the old version on his excellent album Not Till Tomorrow (1972), soon to be released on CD.McTell's music often seems painted or woven, rather than written.  He is a master guitarist and an insightful poet, with a voice that can pacify even Robin Williams.I am eagerly awaiting the release of Volume 2!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001D4J', u"A heavy hitting compelation of 36 tracks of some of the best artists to make the rave scene, &quot;This is Rave&quot; is an excellent 3CD box set. Ideal for those who want to experience it for the 1st time, or for serious techno junkies looking for some of the best stuff around.Providing a very good respesentative sampling (over 25 artists) of studio and live Rave sessions, &quot;This is Rave&quot; includes sessions by: Power Nation, CBX Prosit's &quot;Elke Bran&quot; (one of my personal favourites!!), Van Battle, Slipstream, Ravers Fantasy, Choose, Fast Identity, Interbass, Genetic Cystimmes and many, many more.&quot;This is Rave&quot; should be considered a MUST have for those who like to adventure into the realms of alternative music styles."))
(5.0, (u'B0000029IH', u"What an interesting an bizarre concept that really just seems to work! One can almost detect the primordial ooze seeping though the CD player! Pygmie chants and synth music make DEEP FOREST (and pretty much all their subsequent CDs) an &quot;eco-friendly&quot; listen full of dancy tunes! This project is a product of today's interests and is a happy look into some cultures that may never have given the listener an open door into which he/she might peer. It is unique and definitely worth a listen.  If you are into Deep Forest, you might also want to consider other CDs by groups such as Enigma and Dead Can Dance, which are a bit less peppy but great for the unique way in which they all fuse many different sounds into a thoroughly modern mix."))
(5.0, (u'B000002U8G', u"This is the one Pink Floyd album I keep coming back to again and again. Before Mr. Pink turned into a such a nihlist, he was a charming Romantic in the style of William Blake, and with the exception of One of the Days (I'm going to cut you into little pieces {you have to listen very hard}) you can hear that care-free whimsy in this album. Echoes is still one of the seminal psychedelic pieces from the Floyd collection, and it underscores the infinite interconnectedness of the universe in an audible manner that cannot be captured by words alone. This album is soul searching but still optimistic or at the very least hopeful, and it is a huge departure for those listeners who are only familiar with Pink Floyd's later works that reveal the band's struggle with a level of alienation that only rock gods can know."))
(5.0, (u'B000005P56', u"I found this album generally stronger than &quot;Celtic Legacy,&quot; which preceded it.  The selections are uniformly good and display the full scope of contemporary Celtic music, from straightforward traditional renditions such as Fraser's to more New Age-flavored selections (e.g. Orison and Northern Lights) as well as the astonishing Euro-Pop sound of Capercaillie.  The Relativity and Whelan/Ivers tracks are among my favorites, too.  But why, after using the bumptious &quot;Dulaman&quot; on the first disc, did the compilers do a rerun in &quot;Donal agus Morag&quot; instead of including one of Altan's terrific instrumentals?  Still, this is a great album to widen your awareness of what's happening in Celtic music these days."))
(5.0, (u'B0000007SD', u"This was Ball's first recording, so his technique is sometimes a little rough around the edges.  But what music!  Even if you've heard these tunes on the Celtic harp before (e.g., as recorded by the masterful Derek Bell of the Chieftains), this album is a revelation:  the wire-strung harp gives the tunes a clarity and luminescence that a gut-strung harp never can, no matter who plays it.  The arrangements show off not only the nuances of the tunes themselves, but the amazing range of the harp (on a good stereo, the low notes will rattle your windows).  And the tunes are well balanced between cheerful and melancholy -- &quot;Carolan's Farewell to Music,&quot; reputedly the last tune the composer wrote, always reduces me to a puddle.  (I was once chowing down in a sushi bar when this track came on the stereo, and I nearly choked on my negi-hamachi.)"))
(5.0, (u'B0000007SI', u"For his second album, Ball chose a selection of familiar and less familiar tunes from the British Isles, ranging from contemporary compositions in the folk manner to traditional Irish and Welsh melodies and British folk ballads.  Although some of the material suffers from over-familiarity, the performances are always impassioned, and the wire-strung harp gives the tunes a new lease on life:  you'll feel you never REALLY heard &quot;Greensleeves&quot; before!  I tend to prefer the O'Carolan tunes, for which Ball seems to have a natural affinity.  (I was once listening to this tape on a Walkman while doing my laundry, and found myself dancing around the laundromat to &quot;John O'Connor,&quot; to the astonishment of the other patrons.)  But, all in all, the album is a pleasure."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"I have been a Tori fan since I was 9 years old. I fell in Love with *Little Earthquakes*. Her next two I felt weren't as good. When I first heard this CD, I didn't like it cause I like her slower ballads more, but as I listened to the CD I fell in love *iieee*, *jackie's stength* *northern lad*, *black dove (january)* *cruel* and of course *Spark*. This CD in my eyes is almost as good as *Little Earthquakes* now as in that it is so completely diverse and different from everything else. The only song I don't like now is *Hotel*. Many artists that try something new with their next album fail and lose respect from their fans. Not true with this CD. I love her more now than I ever did!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JEJ', u"While I must admit to being partial to Walt Disney when it comes to animation and the soundtracks that accompany their films, ANASTASIA caught me by surprise. A classic tale, told in an uncomplicated way that children can follow easily, it's score and songs are a perfect compliment. &quot;Once Upon a December&quot; is a touching and beautiful song, worthy of it's &quot;music box&quot; box stature,and sung wonderfully by Liz Callaway and, while I'm no fan of country music, Deana Carter also delivers a fine version. &quot;Journey to the Past &quot; is another great song , performed by Liz Calloway as Anastaisia's singing voice and also by Aaliyah. The score itself is a wonderful mix of flavorsand influences, acknowledging  the settings of both Russia and Paris . All in all, it's a wonderful CD, pleasing enough for children of all ages. Highly recommendable."))
(5.0, (u'B0000046XI', u"From Frank Sinatra to Sting, all of us that have  expierenced Jobim's work praise him as one of the most gifted composers of our time. His musical talents are to be studied and admired. His lyrics are poetry. It's a divine mix of music and emotion like nothing you've ever heard before. And even if you've never heard of Jobim, you have heard his music. If you've ever been in love, Jobim has written a song for you. Sinatra and Sting are only two of the many that have felt an urge to interpret Jobim's work. And I won't give it away, but their is a track not listed on this CD set that will take you to a historical and intimitt moment in time, that will make want to embrace the composer, and from the heavens he will be there with you. Enjoy !"))
(5.0, (u'B000002P82', u"I've almost gotten to the point of stopping people on the street to tell them to go buy this album. My wife and I have too long been the only ones in our circle of friends (including a good number of musicians and artsy types) who know of this American treasure. The title track has been known to take my breath away for its sheer beauty and longing, and there is not a weak song on the album. In addition it has been wonderful to see Jonatha's work grow with producer Alain Mallet (from back in Story days). The sonic textures jump out of my speakers with  bold mixing by wunderkind Bob Clearmountain who changes the entire feel of a song from section to section (check out &quot;Last Innocent Year&quot;), yet does it so smoothly you could marvel at it or simply never notice. All in all, a great package from a great songwriting and performing talent. My advice, hit your One-Click button now."))
(5.0, (u'6304670117', u"I thought that I would write a review of Karaoke Favorites, Volume 1 for DVD because there isn't a lot of information about these DVD discs.  This volume contains a variety of songs both new and old by male and female artists including: Exhale, Barely Breathing, Have a Heart, Unbreak My Heart, White Christmas, You Don't Bring Me Flowers, Friends in Low Places, I Saw Her Standing There, Cracklin' Rosie, My Way, Sailing, and Brown Eyed Girl.  This DVD title is a high quality production by Pioneer and I liked the the videos that they provide for each song.  They offer a diversion that complements the song without being distracting. The words appear on the television screen over top of the video and are easy to read and follow.  There is also an option to listen to vocalists perform songs, but they seem to be short segments rather than the full version.  If you have a DVD player and like karaoke, I would recommend this title. The disc can play through any DVD player and does not include any regional encoding.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GM5', u"This was the band that created the word Alternative and then proved it was irrelevant.  Lou Reed, Sterling Morrison, Moe Tucker, John Cale, and Billy Yule made the best music of the 60s, varied from loud noisy punk (Sister Ray) to quiet introspective songs (Candy Says).  Lou Reed's version of Method singing has never been topped, not even by Lou himself.  The music made here combined powerful, sometimes risque' lyrics with a primal sound that seemed to come directly from the earliest years of rock.  These five were the logical extension of rock and roll music from 50s into the 70s.  They were the anger and confusion that the summer of love overshadowed.  No surprise that they didn't truly come into their own until almost 20 years later when Polygram reissued their albums three separate times.  Buy this.  Never will you find better Rock and ROll."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NHG', u"As an &quot;oldies&quot; fan I had often wondered why I was never really into Fleetwood Mac.  Well that all changed when I first heard &quot;Silver Springs&quot; last summer, I was hooked!  Next came the TV broadcast of The Dance and ,alas, the CD.  I rushed right out and bought it and I have to admit that I listened to Silver Springs at least 5 times a day for about two months.  My college friends and I had a habit of breaking into singing Silver Springs at the drop of a hat.  Who cannot love that powerful song as Stevie sings it to Lindsay?  I still go weak whenever I watch her perform it. Speaking of Lindsay, he really let loose singing,  I'm So Afraid, Tusk, and Big Love,  and he again had me swooning, as he crooned, Bleed To Love Her.  Stevie was magical, Lindsay passionate, I highly recommend this CD to anyone who likes great music, and if you think you're not into Fleetwood Mac, wait 'til you hear this CD, you will be a fan.  Also check out &quot;Rumours&quot; and listen to The Mac in its formative years!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000I1U', u"Although I have yet to see the Peter Brook film for which this music was composed, I ventured to try it based on the fact that this 'great poem of the world', the Mahabharata, is a classic and it would be interesting to hear music inspired by it. And that it was from the REAL WORLD label which I have had good fortune with thus far caught my attention as well. Happily, I am not disappointed with my selection.  The music is as hypnotic as the rising smoke curls from a stick of incense and just as intoxicating.  The narration of the tale of Markandeya by Bruce Myers is so relaxing and mellifluous that if you don't zonk out just by listening to his voice, your eardrums must be made of iron! Which leads me to another fascinating part of this production - the fact that many of the musicians come from parts other than India/Tibet, such as Turkey, Iran, Denmark, Japan and France truly making this an international conglomeration. I hope to see the film soon. In the meantime... Close your eyes and be taken away to a land rich in ancient culture through a film-score which transcends the spirit."))
(5.0, (u'0780022181', u"This movie is director Terry Gilliam at his best.  The compelling story of a man trapped within the clutches of his work and the government, and searching for some escape from it.  Jonathan Pryce and Kim Greist give us a stunning performance as two meant to be lovers on a quest for liberation.  Michael Palin (Monty Python alumnus) as usual, does some great work as Jack, the interrogator.  Along with some great scenes with Robert DeNiro as Harry Tuttle, and Bob Hoskins as the hilarious &quot;Central Services&quot; employee Spor. Along with what is probably the most twisted ending to a film I've ever seen, it is a must see for all.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000033JJ', u"Because _Seven Brides for Seven Brothers_ is one of my favorite movies, I had to get my hands on the soundtrack.  Well, let me just say that it was worth it.  It's nice to have the songs from the movie (although it doesn't have the movie sound effects, like the axes in &quot;Lonesome Polecat&quot;), but it's even better to have the rehearsal and demo recordings of some of the songs.  Although the demo of &quot;Goin' Co'tin'&quot; can get really obnoxious, the demo of &quot;Sobbin' Women&quot; makes up for it.  These lyrics are a little odd, but they're fun.  With its mixture of movie and rehearsal, this soundtrack is a must-have for any _Seven Brides..._ fan."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RMY', u"Ah, the wonder of this CD. For far too long, the majority of the songs on this album could only be found individually on scarce 45's in the most out-of-the-way record stores. And to complete this collection, you'd have to shell out big bucks: one could easily pay upwards of  twenty bucks PER TUNE!!!! But now they're all here on one glorious shining disc.With very few exceptions, the songs on this album reflect the brilliance of these lords of Gothic Rock. The infectious rhythms and showering, noise-drenched guitars accompany Andrew Eldritch's poignant lyrics perfectly, and for a precious few minutes per song, they join together to perfectly voice the angst we've all felt at one time or another.The Sisters of Mercy have had a second coming of sorts with albums like &quot;Floodland&quot; and &quot;Vision Thing,&quot; but this CD represents the original Sisters, the true Sisters, the Sisters who ruled the Gothic Rock scene of the early- to mid-eighties. Some Girls Wander By Mistake is a must-have for old fans, as well as fans of Marilyn Manson and his ilk, who want to hear where he got his ideas and styles."))
(5.0, (u'B0000027SB', u"This album was one of the grand serendipidous moments of my life.  I read a review in a magazine of their second album, Are You Normal, and the name of the band stuck in my mind.  One day I saw this album and bought it on a whim.  WOW!!!  Brilliant.  This is speed rock with a Brit edge.  I used to use this album to wake up in the mornings.  It gets ya going and keeps ya up.  It sounds so fun and happy, but there's really a very dark vein that runs through the lyrics.  The two basses create quite a unique sound as they split the high and low end of the bass spectrum and create this bass-tastic dream sound.  All in all, CHECK THIS OUT!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002HAY', u"This album was my introduction to the Levellers and immediatly started my obsession with the band. There is no other album that I know of that can boast a line up of songs without a single weak link.  All the tracks on this album are excellent and you will find that each one will take a turn at being you're favorite.  The album also transcends the emotional barrier with some tracks using pure energy to blast you're mind, and others being ballads with a simple but powerful message.  Must be heard to be believed.  Do yourself a fovour and buy this album now, but be warned, it could change your life!!  P.S. Catch them live if you can but be sure to drink plenty of water."))
(5.0, (u'B000002U8G', u"This cd is probably one of the most underrated, nearly obscure works out there. Having been released shortly before the  magnificient Dark Side, these songs offer a glimpse at where the band's music was headed. The cd kicks off with the angry &quot;One of These Days...&quot; which features not only a solid, stomping bass line and some virtuoso guitarwork, but also the only lead vocals of drummer Nick Mason, who delivers the classic one liner. &quot;Pillow of Dreams&quot; is a whisper of a song, whimsical and summerlike after the storm of &quot;Days.&quot; The next track, &quot;Fearless,&quot; is often seen on die-hard Floyd Fans' lists of all time favorites, and with good reason. The lyrics almost seem to be addressing a shadowy figure who is sure to loom large in the band's future. &quot;San Tropez&quot; is good cocktail fun but oddly out of place on the cd, as is the case with &quot;Seamus.&quot; People who think that &quot;Seamus&quot; is a terrible song nedd to know that, at one point, the band did have a sense of humor and recorded the track as a lark. Then there's &quot;Echoes.&quot;  If any song previous to 1973 could give a listener an idea where the band was heading (at least musically) this is the one. It is an experimental opus of a song, comprising the entire b-side of the vinyl edition. Upon first listen, many will stop the cd well before the last note is played--I did so, myself, only to realize later just how beautiful a payoff the end of the song is...&quot;Cloudless every day you fall upon my waking eyes...&quot; the verse ends and the rest of the song drifts away, much like the coda of &quot;Wish You Were Here.&quot; The cd is stopped from being a breathtaking 10 only by two greats that followed: &quot;Dark Side&quot; and &quot;Wish You Wer Here.&quot; A definite Should Listen to any fan of trippy music, and absolute MUST for Floyd fans."))
(5.0, (u'0790729644', u"This is a brutal, believable tale that at the same time is deeply moral, in a way that no melodrama can be.  It's about a temporarily reformed mad-dog killer who's tempted off the straight and narrow.  Some prostitutes have offered a bounty for the deaths of two cowboys who mutilated one of their number.When people are beaten or killed in this movie, it has meaning.  Justice doesn't triumph, because that's not what this world offers.  For me, it's not nihilism but it's opposite that prompts this exchange between the apprentice killer and Clint Eastwood's character:&quot;I guess he had it coming.&quot; &quot;We all got it coming, kid.&quot;The movie is a little slow to get rolling, and I don't quite believe some of the scenes of Clint as a sod-buster.  But when we see characters flinch at killing because they lack the nerve, we really understand what makes it possible for a cold-blooded sociopath- on either side of the law- to face down a crowd.  That makes it feel real, and the third act of the movie is the culmination of Clint Eastwood's career in westerns.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002P24', u"Many people will suggest this album only to a  hard-core Sublimist.  But most people aren't hard-core Sublimists.  When we hear Sublime, it's not as a &quot;rash blend of punk, ska, and dub,&quot; but it's soul music, groove-blend, and total dub.  This album is all of this, as any Sublime album is bound to be.  The way this one is different is that it hits the soul, bottoms out in the vein.I can't explain the way I feel about Robbin' the Hood.  It's a mixture of feeling the need to cry, seeing the reason, but not being able to because the music doesn't ask you to cry.  Bradley Nowell's ballads have the sonic edge of a late night in a cigarette-damp room and you don't know what he's talking about because you're not strung out on smack and crack--yet he knows how you feel and you begin to understand and relate.  (For those who don't know, this album was recorded and conceived on a 4-track, in and out of drug-hives in CA.)Think about &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; when you have the chance to listen to it.  He's a kid in a band, waking up, finding it &quot;hard to live,&quot; booze-hound and drug-fiend and he manages to dream &quot;I'll be president some day,&quot; and Bradley sings and frames it without irony, or with enough to know that deep-down he really means it.  And &quot;STP&quot; where reggae is a woman and where she kisses him &quot;only for a night with no repeat&quot; and that &quot;taste of honey is worse than none at all.&quot;I could go on; I won't.  It's not all about lyrics and soul (if we assume that these are irrelevant for pop music).  There's the tunes that you end up singing all the time and the catches of melody that just feel right; you wake up in the morning, slap on the sunglasses and cigarette, and that's what you feel.  Put down another beer, strum your guitar, and it all comes back.  It's sublime.This is their darkest album, their least accessible, and just as incredible as all the others.  And if you're confident that you feel the groove, then I promise enough!  late nights and staring at floor spinning this disc."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RYW', u"i recently saw a tv tribute to the carpenters (i think it was a kpbs special--you know, the great stuff they only show during membership drives) and it made me realise i had no carpenters music.  so when i found this album recently, i didn't think twice.  the liner notes really drove home the poignancy of karen's singing:&quot;If 'For All We Know' and 'Superstar' were classic slow-dance records of their era, today they are suffused with sadness, a sadness deepened by our knowledge of what happened next.  Karen was the finest female singer of her generation, possessed of perfect pitch, able to soar between octaves in a single verse.  But that rare ability to share moments of incredibly intimacy with the listener, to sound as though she was singing just for you, was more than mere technique.  She wasn't acting, she was aching.&quot;...hanging around, nothing to do but frown... rainy days and monday always get me down..."))
(5.0, (u'B00000135N', u"Bones is the ideal summer CD.  The ska band blends jazz and reggae, big horn sounds and more conventional rock sounds, into an album of upbeat tunes that just seem to demand that you get outdoors and do something.  This is the kind of CD that you listen to once, and have know which song is your favorite, then you listen to it again, and decide that another is your favorite, and so it continues until you find that you HAVE no favorite.  It's the kind of CD that you find yourself singing the songs in your head two days after you listen to it . . . and find you don't mind.  Highly recommended album from a highly talented, and largely unknown, band."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WEA', u"when i was growing up, john denver was the patron saint of my girl scout troup.  his music taught us everything we needed to know about mother nature, our place in the universe, hopes and dreams, and caring about each other.  how fortunate we are to still have him with us through his music.  i usually hate live albums but i much prefer the song versions on this album to any other album of his.  milt okun's orchestrations are fantastic, and john's inbetween-song narratives are priceless.  my only regret is that they cut &quot;today&quot; and &quot;boy from the country&quot; from the cd (at least i still have them on vinyl!)."))
(5.0, (u'B000003MSO', u"FARM DOGS is: Bernie Taupin, Tony Brock, Jim Cregan, Robin Le Mesurier, and Tad Wadhams.Hot off the success of their groundbreaking debut album, Last Stand in Open Country, the Farm Dogs follow up, Immigrant Sons, displays the natural progression of their music. Taupin's lyrics are the brush strokes on the canvas created by the flawless, stinging instrumentation and background vocals provided by Cregan and Le Mesurier (both formerly of Rod Stewart's band), Brock, and Wadhams. Once again, co-producer David Cole (formerly worked with Bob Seger, Poco, Tina Turner, Steve Miller) has provided the catalyst that hones these songs to perfection without an overbearing hand.Collectively, these songs pick up where the best days of groups like the Eagles left off. If you enjoyed their debut, wait until you hear this one! And if you get the chance to catch the Farm Dogs in concert, you're in for a real treat!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005HCV', u"Song For My Father is probably Silver's best-known album, and not without reason.  This album not only showcases some of Horace's most memorable compositions (the title track still sounds funky almost 30 years later) but also one of the most talented groups he ever fronted.  Especially noteworthy are the mature and swinging solos offered by Joe Henderson, who was just hitting his stride when he hooked up with Horace Silver's Quintet for this date.  His solos push the edge of Silver's gospel and R+B influenced compositional style without breaking them, wailing into upper octaves and approaching freedom before breaking off into a bluesy lick.  Silver, as usual, has some outstanding solos but his compostitions are the most outstanding here, as they continued to push his sense of harmonic balance and groove. (The Natives are Restless and Que Pasa are some of the more memorable and unusual songs produced by this configuration of Silver's Quintet)  Overall, it is hardbop at some of its most impressive and and enduring.  If you dig Horace (and you should) it's something you must have."))
(5.0, (u'B000003F2N', u'I love musicals.  I love collecting the sound tracks for musicals.  I currently have many, many sound tracks in my possession.  After hearing this one at school (our show choir is performing &quot;Once On This Island&quot; next year) I not only know that I am going to try out for Papa Ge, but I also will go out and buy this CD as soon as I possibly can! The music is addicting...  it stays in your mind for a while after listening.  All of the songs are great!!!  I loved &quot;Mama Will Provide&quot; and &quot;Forever Yours.&quot;  Those were great.  A must buy!!!'))
(5.0, (u'6304785801', u"This is one of Woody's earliest movies, and perhaps, especially given it's obscurity, his best! The video portion of the movie appears to have been a Japanese Action/Adventure movie featuring a swinging James Bond-type hero surrounded by beautiful women and rival gangsters.  Allen has dubbed the movie and has changed the plot, from what was probably a typical 007 scheme, to a scavenger hunt for a secret egg salad recipe!  Allen interupts the film on a few occasions to provide commentary, and also splices in a couple of psychadelic rock (mock?) videos.  I think you will agree that this is another testament to Allen's artistic versatility and comic genius.  This is a very funny movie.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000026VW', u"TTD is the most creative mind in music today.  He has surpassed Prince, Stevie Wonder and Michael Jackson.  His sound is the most unique and distinctive sound around.  No one else sounds anything like him.Blending elements of Jazz, classical, pop, R&amp;B, rap, rock, alternative, latin... even country.  HE is truly a Genius!  Now in my mind the other 3 listed are as well but right now, he is the king.  Unfortunately few people have a diverse enough musical background to appreciate what it is that Terence is doing and to the untrained ear it may sound like noise.  Incredibly intricate arrangements and great emotion make all of his work phenomenal!Take the time to Listen.  You might not get it for 4 or five sittings, maybe more.  But it's well worth the effort.  If you can get it you will be thrilled."))
(5.0, (u'B0000064TW', u"..I listened and I fell in love with it all over again.  Truth to tell, I have been following the J's somewhat faithfully for the better part of the 90's and while those of us who have heard and seen the J's for years may not believe this album to be the definitive recording of our beloved band, it certainly is an astounding musical achievment.  I continue to find interesting sounds in most of the tunes, and consistently find myself bobbing up and down to Andy's beats.  Who could ask for anything more. For those of you reading this who have until now not heard of the J's, I strongly advise you to pick up a copy of this album.  Without being biased, I am confident in saying that the J's represent the finest in New Pop Music on the market today."))
(5.0, (u'B000006O8D', u"Every time I listen to this CD, Vonda Shepard's voice takes me back to my own backlit bar, and I slouch back in my chair looking over the heads of friends, clearing my head of the day.  I think that one of the reasons why I listen to it incessantly is that it's assuming its place as the soundtrack for my life.  Not that I'm trying to live the life of the sitcoms, or the music is in any way marginal (rather, it's fantastic!), but these songs are a special brew for those dry days.This is one of those CDs that you buy for all your friends--it's the Cold Mountain of the music world.  It's fabulous, and it's a purchase you'll never regret."))
(5.0, (u'B000000W6F', u"What can I say to sum up one of the greatest albums of all time?  This rates right up there with other outstanding first albums, like Jimi Hendrix's The Jimi Hendrix Experience.  Billy Corgan attacks the guitar like a man posessed.  This is, by far, the most guitar heavy of any of the Pumpkins albums, and, as a guitar player, this pleases me.  There isn't a single weak track on this whole album, and there are a few gems, like Bury Me and I Am One.  This is as timless as any great album there ever was, and I know that twenty years down the road, this one will definitely have a footnote in the history on modern music."))
(5.0, (u'B000000WGZ', u"I first heard CVB's cover of &quot;Pictures of Matchstick Men&quot; when I was driving on a highway late at night.  By the end of the song I was in love, and singing along at the top of my lungs.But while I still turn the volume all the way up on that track, my favorite songs on this CD are &quot;When I Win the Lottery&quot; and &quot;The Humid Press of Days.&quot;  The lyrics capture a character, a voice, and a mood much like the best first-person fiction.Musically, I love the Eastern influence on the &quot;Opening Theme&quot; -- and who would have ever thought a violin could kick ass in rock'n'roll?"))
(5.0, (u'B0000019P9', u"Unlike anything else you've heard in the last 5 years, In The Aeroplane Over The Sea is truly a unique and exceptional record.  The songs basically come in two flavors with either the singer worrbeling and straining over an acoustic guitar or a full band, horn section included, blasting away.  The songs are only a little more depressing than they are up-lifting, pushing the boundries of pop music with chord progressions that leave the listener both confused but strangely satisfied.  By far the best part or at least the part which leaves the greatest impression, are the lyrics.  In the first song, arguable the best song, he croones, &quot;And Dad would think of all the different ways to die, each one a little more than he would dare to try.&quot;  I love this album and so will you, greedy American."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TBB', u'This exuberant three-women-one-man quartet is a welcome reminder that post-punk rock doesn\'t have to be drenched in angst. Several of Elastica\'s punchy garage-pop songs have hit British charts in the last two years, and while "Connection," "Car Song" and "Stutter" didn\'t knock off whatever assembly-line lite-soul outfit was No. 1 over here in May 1995, they should have. Without virtuoso singing or musicianship, Elastica has developed a raw, exhilarating sound and feel, with one guitar grinding out power-chord riffs while another scratches a countermelody, over a groove-heavy bottom. Lyrics are about breakups, groupies, cars, drunken boyfriends. Sometimes they even rhyme. Justine Frischmann\'s often-laconic vocals (Donna Matthews adds harmonies) will put some in mind of Debbie Harry, but forget that comparison: Blondie was *never* this good. All but four songs clock in at under two and a half minutes - no extended solos, intros, outros or repeated choruses - and all 16 race by in about 40 breathless minutes. It\'s over too quickly. Be warned: The band\'s follow-up album (due out, finally, this year) might not have the same magic: Lightning doesn\'t usually strike twice.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000036XD', u'Plenty of Guided by Voices fans have always liked the lo-fi trendsetters just the way they are, but many of us have held out hope that they\'d eventually develop some, well, competence. We\'ve gotten our wish. 1996\'s marvelous "Under the Bushes Under the Stars" sounded as though it was recorded in an honest-to-God studio, as opposed to a bathroom. And "Mag Earwhig!" not only does away with the loud tape hiss but adds instrumental prowess: Cobra Verde, the local band that backs Dayton, Ohio, songwriter Robert Pollard here (longtime sidekick Tobin Sprout is mostly missing) can really play. "Mag Earwhig!" is loaded with wildly catchy melodies and interesting guitar-pop arrangements, and Pollard transforms delirious non sequiturs into genuine lyrics. "Bulldog Skin" sounds like a college-radio hit, and "Jane of the Waking Universe" has the catchiest one-line chorus you\'ve heard in a while. There may be 21 tracks on "Mag Earwhig!," but most are actual *songs*, as opposed to the fragments that litter 1995\'s "Alien Lanes"-though some of these pieces still feel incomplete; it\'s a little frustrating when the pounding "Not Behind the Fighter Jet" fades out at 2:10 rather than actually finishing, and a few tracks clearly are rough drafts. But it\'s OK-we wouldn\'t want GbV to resemble any other band.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003CKM', u"For several years, this was one of my favorite recordings and (in my mind) my little secret.  Sure, everyone's heard now of their unique combination of rock, blues, country, etc., but for me it all boiled down to the fact that there was something unusually real about this music, and at the same time whimsical.  Unforgettable lyrics and very catchy songs which don't grow old. Quite a contrast to the contemporary mid '80s drivel.  Now, with the band's growing popularity, it has been reissued and is no longer my secret -- but still an all-time favorite.This younger, hungrier Panic is a must for any fan.  Late in '86 or '87 a friend of mine whom I hadn't seen in years mailed me a cassette tape of a local favorite band of his.  Their label went belly-up soon after their contract was signed and the album wasn't in print any more, but he felt the need to share it, partly because he lived in the same Athens neighborhood as them and frequented the same dives, but mostly because he felt it was musically important.  I've been thankful ever since.  Aside from that friend, for a long time I didn't meet who knew them.  Whether I was singing &quot;...I like coconuts...&quot; and getting strange stares or scouring used record stores for some unlikely spare copy of the LP (which I never found)... it was a strange and wonderful state to be in.  Eventually their career got back on track, and this was reissued on CD (with a bonus track).  Now they're a household name, and I knew them when..."))
(5.0, (u'B000002568', u"It is difficult to say too many good things about the music on this CD. Certainly bass players, as well as all musicians, will be amazed upon their first (and subsequent) listenings to this CD.  I also expect the casual listener to be mesmerized by the beauty, grace, power, and emotion in Jaco's music. This is a nice collection of a variety of Jaco's styles, from the funky groove of &quot;Come On, Come Over&quot; (with Sam and Dave on vocals), to echoes of Calypso on &quot;Opus Pocus&quot;, and a wonderful duet with percussionist Don Alias on Charlie Parker's &quot;Donna Lee&quot;. Bassists in particular will be fascinated with Jaco's use of harmonics in his original tune &quot;Portrait of Tracy&quot;, recorded solo, without overdubs. Highly recommended; the perfect &quot;starter&quot; for newcomers to Jaco. Guests include: Sam and Dave, Don Alias, Herbie Hancock, Michael Brecker, others."))
(5.0, (u'B000001A96', u"Pick out a list of your 10 favorite &quot;oldies&quot;.  Chances are very good that at least 1, probably 2 or even 3 of them, are on this collection.  The Temptations were the undisputed kings of the male soul group genre in the sixties, and continued to enjoy success under a variety of personnel changes, throughout the seventies.  Nobody did it better than David Ruffin and Eddie Kendricks, however, and the Tempts never got to the same lofty heights without them as they did when they were there.The collection keeps that in mind, however;  well over half of the collection was recorded in the first 9 years of the band's existence....proof that the strongest years were the early years.From the best known toe-tappers to the more obscure and funky numbers of the later 70's, this one has nearly all of the Tempt's greatest recordings, from My Girl to the sexy Lady Soul.  Put this one on, sit back, and I double dare you not to sing along!  After you do, you just may come back and buy the Emperors of Soul box set...."))
(5.0, (u'6303118240', u"This movie is responsible for bringing my boyfriend and I together! I was working at a desktop publishing/copy/movie rental place and this guy came in to print a computer file onto Linotronic paper...as it was printing, I would go downstairs to the developer and each time I passed a tv which was playing an animated movie...I kept stopping to watch because it was so CUTE! Then the guy came down to check the printouts with me and he noticed what was on the tv...I remarked how cute it was--and even though it was in Japanese, I could understand what was going on! This guy couldn't stop smiling and then he said, &quot;Guess what I'm printing out?&quot; I went to look, and it was an article on Totoro, written by him! I couldn't believe it! We stood and watched the movie for a few moments and he told me what was going on, and then he asked me out on a date! That was 8.5 years ago and I love him more than ever! Totoro symbolize our relationship and I have a wonderful collection of them all over my room--and I even have a beautiful cloth scroll-poster on my wall that has Totoro flying through the sky with Mei and Satsuke clinging him to him! Totoro is so special--it changed my life forever! : )Totoro is a magical, wonderful movie...it's a beautiful film, the story is classic, the color is lovely, the artwork is delicious, the soundtrack and music is unforgettable, and the ending is so sweet it makes me cry every time. It deserves a special place in every home!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002WEV', u"This is one of the most difficult Elvis albums to listen to at first. Released only months after his death, this album features songs from two of the shows in the final year, 1977. Both shows were also filmed by CBS as a special, which also aired shortly after. That special has not been released officially, and that reason is obvious: Elvis just looks too bad. The album cover features a photo two years older than these shows: a far cry from what Elvis now looked like. He was puffy, bloated, and ill-looking. But, the one thing that never left him was his voice. It was just as strong as it ever was. While you can tell that he obviously does not appear to be feeling too well (you can hear his heavy breathing during his speech segments), he did his absolute best to please the audience. Among the standouts are his version of &quot;My Way&quot;, which is even more powerful and heartfelt than the &quot;Aloha&quot; version. There is &quot;You Gave Me a Mountain&quot;, which sounds just as powerful as ever. The biggest highlight is &quot;How Great Thou Art&quot;, which can make the listener say &quot;Wow!&quot;, for he gives a version that has to be heard to be believed. Even his closing song, &quot;Can't Help Falling In Love&quot; (about half-way into this disk), despite being performed no less than a thousand times, is another gem: Listen to his final note on this, it can really sadden you. Six weeks after these concerts were recorded, The King was gone. All  we have left are the memories. For those of us who never got to see him, the concert disks are the closest we have to experiencing the magic of Elvis Presley. This is one of those experiences."))
(5.0, (u'B00000342D', u"This is a terrific contemporary recording utilizing original instrumentation on the pieces actually played during the voyage. The band and the arrangements were put together by British sixties ex-rocker, Ian Whitcomb, who has since turned his skills to musicological recreations of period music. (Remember the novelty falsetto, circa 1965, &quot;You Turn Me On&quot;? Ah, I was but 12...) Forget the movie soundtrack and Celine Dion's hyperbolized, apotheosized music for elevators; not sinking ships. This is the real stuff played as it was meant to be; it takes you back there to dine with Captain Smith among the Astors, Strausses, and  Wideners, and even transports you below decks to the steerage class a time or two. The set opens with a rousing rendition of &quot;The White Star March&quot;, played on a stunning Aeloian organ, leading directly into a dramatic but understated recitation of Thomas Hardy's ode to the great ship, &quot;The Convergence of the Twain&quot;. By the time the finale piece, &quot;Songe d' Automne&quot;, is played by an appropriately melancholic quartet, you will hear the water lapping from below decks and the ship rumbling and creaking to its final destination as the band played on... Accompanied by a finely printed souvenir booklet, replete with a history of the White Star Orchestra, copious notes on the timetable of the sinking, and photos of the ship, the original band, and the sheet music. Try playing this while watching footage, sans audio, from the many Titanic documentaries playing these days on cable and it provides an experience which will arguably transport you into another dimension of reality. It was not Hollywood; it was the north Atlantic!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000061RJ', u"As a long time Skynyrd fan I routinely buy the band's albums as the come out (supporting the boys as it were..). When I first saw &quot;Lyve from Steeltown&quot; I was pretty excited- the first live effort from the band's newest line-up (i.e. the &quot;Twenty&quot; album line-up)with live versions of the newer stuff. I quickly smuggled the CD past my distracted wife (&quot;Hey, isn't that Kenny G over there???&quot;)and into the check-out line.Once home I noticed that it was a TWO CD set (in my haste I failed to notice due to the low price point)!!! Even better. As the band opened with &quot;We Ain't Much Different&quot; (from &quot;Twenty&quot;)I was impressed with how great they all sounded. Track after track, the band's effort was impassioned and tight. Hearing the Rickey Medlock/Johnny Van Zant version of &quot;You Got That Right&quot; was truly magical. There wasn't one &quot;dead&quot; song on the whole CD/CDs.The finest hour was Johnny's duet with Ronnie (in spirit and track)on &quot;Travelin' Man&quot;. Gary Rossington's screaming slide licks took me all the way back to 1976 and &quot;One More From the Road&quot;. The CD ended (as usual) with &quot;Freebird&quot;- only this time Johnny ACTUALLY sang!!! Brother Ronnie was without a doubt smiling down from heaven as Johnny belted out the words.&quot;Lyve's&quot; second CD is enhanced- meaning you should toss it into your CD-ROM ASAP!! The enhanced portion offers a band history along with live concert footage and the video for &quot;Travelin' Man&quot;. There are interviews with Johnny, Gary, Rickey Medlock and Hughie Thompson (the two &quot;new&quot; guys) as well.&quot;Lyve from Steeltown&quot; is a MUST for any Skynyrd fan."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IT2', u"What I like the most about this album are Amos clever lyrics and fresh approach to music making.  She doesn't try to overwhelm you with a heavy rock beat or screaming vocals she simply justs writes clever and catchy lyrics that everyone can relate too.  But just when you think you have her figured out she hits you with the kinky but wonderfully expressive, clever and poingent Leather, a song that speaks volumes about relationship dynamics with a the cute twist of SM added.  Silent All these Years is a soulfull cry out against abuse and is a truely exceptional peice of writing and music.  Little earthquakes is catchy and different.  All in all this is one exceptional CD from a brilliant artist."))
(5.0, (u'0780629450', u"The 1996 film &quot;Hamlet&quot; directed and starring Kenneth Branagh is by far the best film adaption of the play! Even though its 4 hours, you hardly notice it because of how much is going on. His acting job is superb, as are Julie Christies as Gertrude, Derek Jacobi's as Claudius, and Kate Winslet as Ophelia (a role much better than her overrated one in &quot;Titanic'). But what's really amazing is Kenneth Branagh's direction. He is such a genius and everyone involved with the movie should have gotten Oscars. Also, what I liked were the great visuals. Elsinore is so cool, especially the main hall with the mirrored doors and checkered floor. Plus he changes the play very subtlely, such as putting Claudius in a confessional for the praying scene or having him and Polonius watch Hamlet deliver the &quot;to be or not to be&quot; speech from a one-way mirror. I've heard Branagh say that he didn't want his movie to be gloomy and infatuated with death and deciet like the other films are. Instead it's a celebration of life and love, and adventure.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZKM', u"When I got this CD I thought the only song I'd be listening to was &quot;The Way&quot; and I'd get bored of it faster than I got bored of Chumbawumba's latest album (Which took me exactly nine minutes to get bored of... and it now lies somewhere behind the refigerador.)Well, I was wrong. The other songs on this album are so good that I don't even listen to &quot;The Way&quot; too often at all. I haven't gotten bored of this CD yet, either. And I've had it for quite some time.However, if you're one of those people who buys a CD with ten thousand tracks on it just to hear ONE song which just so happens to be on the Top Ten Chart of a radio station in some deserted town with the population of 2 (Not to say that &quot;The Way&quot; is, but then again what the hell do I know.) then just wait to get the single. If not, you'll get tired of this CD...Bottom line is get this CD now!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000069CI', u"Brian Eno, in many ways, is one of those composers responsible for a lot of what you hear today without having gotten his due recognition. Since the days of Roxy Music to his production of U2's music, Eno has forged new paths for contemporary music without fanfarre nor self-congratulatory intentions. &quot;music for Airports&quot; is a classic of what has become quite an important genre: Ambient music.  As far as I'm concerned, Eno, at least partially, has fathered New Age, Trip Hop and Ambient music. Bang in the Can has accomplished the simplest and hardest task of performing other people's music: they offred their own voice without bastardizing the original composition. Whether in music or any other &quot;walk of life,&quot; this group of musicians decided to honor a composer and found enough room to sound themselves, in the process. What you have here is an acoustic version of the original &quot;loops &amp; tapes&quot; classic. Played impeccably and arrnged with love. I enjoy it, in its own right, as I do with Eno's own version. Buy it without reservations, and, if you don't own Eno's own, get them both!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002J88', u'Tori is clearly experimenting with her style on this album and too good effect.  From the saucy Professional Widow to the catchy Mr. Zebra this album is a throughly rewarding listening exercise.  The lyrics are  clever and easily interpted by anyone and her musical talents shine through one again as she adds the harpsicord to her sound.  Of the 19 songs on the album I like 17 more than a lot so I would definantly say it is a must buy CD for Tori fans and if you are not a Tori fan give this CD a listen and then you will be.'))
(5.0, (u'078322544X', u"This movie and soundtrack have had such a profound impact on my life.  Its the story of Jesus' last days on earth, but more from the point of view of Judas.  We get to see how Judas really felt like he was doing the right thing.  He felt Jesus was getting out of control and probably thought he could actually save Jesus from those that wanted to destroy Him.  This is contrary to the usual notion that Judas was a dispicable betrayer.  Rather, he is portrayed as a concerned and loving friend who was possibly just misguided.Another important aspect of this story is to show that Jesus, (while being the Son of God) was still a human Man.  He had the same problems and emotions that all human beings must face, yet He conquered temptation and sin.  This helped me to be able to better understand what He must have gone through.  The pain, suffering, denial, torture, betrayal, and persecution that each and every one of us are responsible for inflicting upon Him.  How incredible His Grace is, to still welcome us into His Kingdom after such torment and heartache.  We truly are not worthy, yet He Loves us anyway.  He allowed Himself to be destroyed so that we may have eternal Life.I feel this was captured very well in &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar&quot;.  This movie sparked such intrigue and desire for me to begin studying Christ and the Bible.  Also, to really think about things for myself without just having some religious leader tell me what to believe and to take it on face value without any understanding of the Word.  There are great lyrics from Tim Rice and the best music from Andrew Lloyd Webber.  Ted Neely and Carl Anderson have two of the greatest voices I've ever heard.  I don't see how anyone could be dissapointed with this movie.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZB9', u'Jerry Douglas\'s latest CD, "Restless on the Farm," does seem to come out of a musical restlessness.  Known for his dobro (i.e. resophonic lap guitar) virtuosity, regularly appearing at important music festivals alongside the very best instrumentalists of New Acoustic music, hired by half the recording artists needing top-notch dobro accompaniment, and occasionally putting out his own album, Douglas has performed, to my knowledge, on no other kind of guitar.  Here, though, he\'s stretched his nimble wings, playing in several cuts on lap steel and Weissenborn guitars, as well as dobro.  The sound is varied, using the sweetness of the Weissenborn to good effect, and playing a surprisingly likable growly lap steel.  For those who still think of dobro as only a bluegrass or country appendage, soft-spoken Jerry\'s here to say "Open your ears! We do it all!"  He gives us rock-ish sounds (half the cuts use drums), a Johnny Winter blues tune, an Errol Garner swing number, and a nouveau-classical duet with Bela Fleck.  But all you die-hard fans of Douglas\'s otherwise uncubbyholable New Acoustic sound which he and his other instrumental virtuoso-buddies have been developing for the last decade or two needn\'t fret:  this is no radical departure and the sound we love is well represented here.  In fact, many of those very New Acoustic virtuosos appear:  Fleck on (what else?) banjo, Russ Barenberg on guitar, Edgar Meyer on bass, and Sam Bush on mandolins, with fine additions by such relative newcomers as Bryan Sutton (guitar) and John Gardner (drums).  Another extension of Douglas\'s offerings this time out is vocals, not his, but those of Tim O\'Brien, Steve Earl, John Cowan, and Maura O\'Connell.  Most of the pieces are instrumentals, though, mostly his own compositions.  There\'s a grand one, "Turkish Taffee,"  which really does sound Turkish.  Two cuts are trios with Barenberg and Meyer (with whom he recorded the superb CD, "Skip, Hop &amp; Wobble").  Like "Skip, Hop &amp; Wobble," this is one of those few albums I ! play over and over, untiringly, and one I\'m sure will become a classic in my collection.  So take Jerry\'s invitation, even if you couldn\'t distinguish a dobro from a donut:  check out what resophonic and slide guitars can do.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003BFJ', u"This is one of the best albums of all time.  Let's make a list of its wonderful qualities: -Loud -Obnoxious -Hilarious -Obscene -Shocking -Original -Philadelphian -Punk Rock -Jangly Guitars(used in a way you've never heard) -etc. -Insulting -ImprovisationalBuy this.  It is one of the funniest albums ever.  And also rocks out like nothing else.  I recently got to meet my musical idols and to talk to them.  They are now in new bands around the Philadelphia metropolitan area.  Burn Witch Burn and The Town Managers.  Check 'em out.  They are also great.  And all you record execs out there, sign these new bands--they are very popular wherever they play.  There's a magic there.  A magic you can't quite put your finger on.  Other great DM albums include: Eat Your Paisley, Beezlebub, Bucky Fellini"))
(5.0, (u'B000002N5K', u"If you've never heard Iris DeMent tear through a tune, you're missing the boat. This is where country music should have logically grown, before taking a wrong turn near Hollywood. Her third outing shows more of the biting, sincere lyrics and Ozark rhythms that sets Iris apart from the smarmy formula Nashville spits out all too regularly now.Tracks like &quot;Walkin' Home&quot; and &quot;Letter To Mom&quot; showcase DeMent's talent for writing about family -- all the good, bad and ugly pieces that make us individuals, but also give us common experiences. In &quot;There's A Wall In Washington&quot; and &quot;Wasteland Of The Free&quot;, we hear the raging cynicism and heartfelt anger that is almost absent in country music now.This album is all about accepting who you are and moving forward. &quot;The Way I Should&quot; and &quot;When My Mornin' Comes Around&quot; are the anthems for this spirit. Iris DeMent seems to be happy with who she is, consequences be damned. We should all be grateful for this.The presence of artists like Earl Scruggs, Lonnie Mack, Delbert McClinton and Mark Knopfler among other greats, only adds to the credibility of this great songwriter. There's nothing on this album that will be heard in a car commercial. There's nothing on this album that will likely find your local &quot;hot country&quot; station. Be thankful, because these songs will touch you deeply and make you think. They won't be gone after 3 minutes. More likely, they will always be in the back of your mind, waiting for you to deal with them, like Iris has."))
(5.0, (u'B0000067X8', u'"Soundtracks" is one of this seminal German band\'s finest releases (among many, including "Ege Bamyasi" and "Tago Mago"). The aptly titled effort consists of songs featured in films by Eastern European directors: Roland Click ("Deadlock"), Leonadis Capitanos ("Cream"), Roger Fritz ("Madchen mit Gewalt"), Jerzy "Moonlighting" Skolimowsky ("Deep End"), and Thomas Schamoni ("Bottom"). Highlights include the epic "Mother Sky" (featuring American vocalist Malcolm Mooney) and "She Brings the Rain" (featuring Japanese vocalist Damo Suzuki, immortalized by The Fall in "I Am Damo Suzuki"). Despite the varied films, directors, and vocalists involved, it all hangs together surprisingly well. "Soundtracks" has also been incredibly influencial. Some of the many cover versions it has spawned include That Petrol Emotion\'s "Mother Sky" and Kendra Smith\'s "She Brings the Rain".'))
(5.0, (u'B000002J0N', u"Many of today's pop artists release albums that have one or two &quot;surefire hits&quot; (i.e., the songs sound just like all the other tunes on the radio), while the rest of the tracks can most charitably be described as &quot;filler&quot; (same stuff school cafeterias use in &quot;mystery meatloaf&quot;). There isn't any &quot;filler&quot; on &quot;CSN&quot;; every song here is exquisitely crafted to showcase the vocal harmonies that have made Crosby, Stills, and Nash a perennial favorite.  The most popular song on the album is the rather lightweight &quot;Just A Song Before I Go&quot;, but what really distinguishes this album from many of its late-1970s contemporaries is that all of the songs are heartfelt meditations on love.  On songs such as &quot;See the Changes&quot; and &quot;Dark Star&quot;, these mature pop artists write about real relationships, not about adolescent infatuation; they are fighting a battle against the erosion of their love over time. The sequence of the songs is, well, perfect--this is one of the albums in my extensive '70s collection that I do NOT remix, because there is a masterfully-crafted progression of feeling.  The metaphor for this album (and one intended by CSN themselves) is that of a voyage (hence the cover photo of the three guys hanging out on a sailboat at sea):  the songs move us through space and time in an almost physical way, building to the only &quot;rock&quot; song on the album, the &quot;pounding piano&quot; crescendo of &quot;I Give You Give Blind&quot;. The only song that seems an anomaly here is &quot;Cathedral&quot;, in which CSN express their alientation from God in general and Christianity in particular, but the song actually fits in with the theme of the album of love as the one true faith, the redemptive force that is the only thing that invests life with meaning (whew). &quot;CSN&quot; stands alongside Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Dreams&quot; and Springsteen's &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot; as one of the few bright spots of the mid- to ! late 1970s pop music scene. (O.K., &quot;Hotel California&quot; gets a mention, too.)  All of these albums work as a whole, each song intertwined with the other, because they share a common theme, a common feeling of sadness that was the yin to disco music's mindless &quot;feel good&quot; yang."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UKS', u"&quot;The Colour and the Shape&quot; begins with a sad, quiet little voice singing &quot;You know in all the time that we shared/I've never been so scared.&quot;  This album is about losing your sense of self while trying to cope with the disintegration of a relationship, and regaining a new sense of who you are once the relationship is finally over.Just like a love affair, the album moves from fast to slow, from sad to angry, and finally to resignation and resolution.  Grohl is &quot;on guard&quot; one moment and &quot;bit(ing) the bullet&quot; the next. His music matches his mood, step for step.  The sweet innocence of &quot;See You&quot; is contrasted with the melancholy of &quot;Everlong&quot; (the best song on the album).  Grohl, lost in the hope that it will all work out, begs his love to &quot;breathe out, so I can breathe you in.&quot;  The very next song he steadfastly proclaims that &quot;If you walk out on me, I'm walking after you,&quot; but later resigns himself to the fact that his is just &quot;another heart cracked in two.&quot;Finally, the resolution: &quot;New Way Home.&quot;  Seattle residents will recognize this song to be about the drive along the Alaskan Way viaduct which runs between the lonely, vast, grey expanse of Elliott Bay and the tall, modern buildings of downtown Seattle.  The contrast is appropriate.  Throughout the album, Grohl is stuck in this in-between place -- trapped on a long stretch of lonely highway with no exits and no directions.  He finally finds a map.  The last line of the album, repeated over and over, is &quot;I'm not scared!&quot;  He's come full-circle by finding a new path to follow to a new life.  I can't wait to find out (with the release of a new album) where that path has taken him."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LLP', u"No one is ever totally satisfied with &quot;Best of&quot; collections, but this one is definately on the mark as having a very well thought-out selection representing a fairly wide sampling of Bonnie. I'm happy to see many selections of what, IMHO, Bonnie Raitt does best: sing the blues.What's interesting, are the inclusion of some duets, with songwriter/singers of some classics: Women Be Wise with the incomparable Sippy Wallace comes to mind.  The duet with John Prine on Angel From Montgomery gives you the feel of a live concert when &quot;surprise&quot; guests would stroll on-stage for a jam.For those of you who wondered all those years, &quot;What's the fuss?&quot;  THIS IS IT!  Together, in one CD, Under the Falling Sky, I Feel the Same and My First Night Alone Without You. Ear candy of the finest kind!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002ADT', u"This is the first jazz album I ever heard,shortly after it's release. It remains,to this day,the consumate example of what jazz exemplifies,to me. I love this album so much that I have it on vinyl,casette tape,reel-to-reel tape and two cd versions (original and 20-bit remastered version). As a drummer and former jazz radio person, I have been asked this question many times;&quot;if you could only have one jazz album,what would it be?&quot; My immediate response has always been &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;. I personally feel that this album epitomizes Miles Davis creative spirit better than any other recording he made, and I've heard most of them. It's timeless! From the unyielding groove of &quot;So What&quot; to the hauntingly beautiful ballad &quot;Blue in Green&quot; Miles and friends recorded some extraordinary musical moments. Buying &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; for your collection or as a gift to &quot;turn on&quot; a friend to jazz is a &quot;no-brainer&quot;. Just do it!"))
(5.0, (u'0767803434', u"When I saw &quot;Air Force One&quot; in the theater, I remember distinctly the movie gripping hold of me (when the plane was taken over) and not letting go until the very end.  While not as intense the second time around, &quot;Air Force One&quot; on DVD doesn't disappoint.  There are plenty of points in the movie that left me squirming in my seat.  The movie isn't perfect as a movie: the opening scene is way too violent (and glorified at the same time) and towards the end, where the VP rips up the paper authorizing her to take power (I liked it but most people probably don't think on such a symbolic level), the movie fizzles a bit.  But as far as being entertaining, &quot;Air Force One&quot; is by far the very best.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KFH', u"Remember those albums you really loved best-the ones you WOULD put on your Desert Island List, the classics?  In the old days of vinyl you had to replace them over and over-I know I did!Well, here you have a helping of seminal Bonnie, smoky, stately, unbearably yearning. Every song is a &quot;good&quot; one-no duds-and her cover of songs like Angel From Montgomery is understated, yet unique. Many songs here are about pain, yet BR manages to stand, bruised about the heart, yes, but stand tall and proud as she demonstrates feisty, whole- hearted triumph over the pain.  Somehow this is knowing but never shrill, as in Rainy Day Man and Ain't Nobody Home.For the newcomers to the Bonnie bandwagon, (welcome!), you're in for a treat. Vintage BR with touches of Delta blues, folk and plenty of sass! Great rainy day or road music, too."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KFR', u"A friend of mine asked me to recommend some Bonnie Raitt albums-of course I like them all-but this is one of three or four I felt are most fully realized in terms of group cohesion, balance of songs selected etc.Bonnie, Freebo and the gang are wonderful at making you laugh and especially at creating that blue mood: Songs like First Night Alone Without You and Run Like A Thief have me sniffling just at their mention!That said, it comes through the music that the band was in full-throttle boogie with this effort. If I didn't know better I would have said Bonnie was in love around the time this album was created. A most worthy addition to your listening pleasure."))
(5.0, (u'B000002731', u"I saw Anything Box in concert in Dallas when I was in college once.  They came before Cause &amp; Effect.  Everyone went fanatic when Anything Box was on stage and booed Cause &amp; Effect off the stage.  If you haven't heard this CD by Anything Box, then you just have to buy it.  &quot;Living in Oblivion&quot; is on this CD.  It is the band's most popular song, and it is my favorite song of all time!  Anything Box is still producing records, but you have to buy directly from them.  They decided to break with the mainstream music industry to allow them greater creative freedom.  I have everything they have ever released (except the &quot;Living in Oblivion&quot; Maxi-CD which I will pay good money for).  BUY THIS CD!!!"))
(5.0, (u'6303337023', u"I have watched this movie I would say more the 30 or 40 times and I am only 22 years old. I saw it first when I was 10 years old and even then I had to go to Erol's videos to rent it every single weekend to watch it.It is very much like a Beatles movie with crazy things going on in every point of the movie; plus also very errie at the same time--it is a dark comedy on The Monkees whole career. They make fun of dream sequences making them trips of the mind that was occurring during the sixties.It is the coolest movie I have ever watched and I loved all of the Beatles movies also, in my eyes as a Monkee maniac I thought it was even better than any Beatles movie I have seen; because it does have Davy, Peter, Micky, and Mike along with many big name stars of the time  Annette Funicello, Terry Garr, and many more.Try it you might like it. I did and I love it.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002PD3', u"I had the pleasure of being in Ann Arbor, MI in the late '60s and early '70s, when Commander Cody and the Lost Planet Airmen were regulars at bars and coffeehouses around town. This CD reflects their earliest (and best) original compositions and covers, and very much captures the ambience which accompanied their live performances.If the only Commander Cody you've ever heard is &quot;Hot Rod Lincoln,&quot; then you don't know the band... that was their &quot;novelty&quot; song &quot;rapped&quot; by George Fraine (the Commander). The best stuff was sung by their lead singer, Billy C. Farlow. The guys in the band, somewhere along the way, also learned how to play saxaphone and trombone, and this CD has several cuts featuring them on those instruments (besides their guitars). The peddle steel work is especially sweet."))
(5.0, (u'B000002R4Z', u"Screamin' high trumpets accent unique high-energy rock'n'roll/jazz hybrid that has never been duplicated. Standard Rock Instrumentation was complemented by a whack load of trumpets and a Hammond organ. The fidelity of this re-issue is OK - a lot of tape hiss is still present, but it's still a VERY HOT album! The opening number is absolutely incredible, and the balls-to-the-walls &quot;Handbags and Gladrags&quot; is something that should be played over and over. &quot;GET IT ON&quot; is a classic -- you'll probably buy the CD for this one -- it's very familiar, and made it onto the pop charts when it came out, BUT, you'll enjoy the rest of the album even more.  (Although the &quot;river&quot; series is a little bit out in left field) I hope this company re-issue B.C.'s other albums - brass lovers who go for Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears , Tower of Power and Chicago will eat this stuff up!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003N7E', u"Oliver Nelson's career was short but brilliant. As a composer, arranger and performer, he led one of the most exciting and innovative groups of his era. Like Mingus, Schueller and other contemporaries, Nelson was writing a new American classical music, drawing on traditional European classical music, the big band and bop traditions, country music and the blues. Nelson's music is tightly composed and arranged, but still leaves plenty of room for soloists to swing. This album is probably his most famous, and it's certainly one of my favorite jazz albums from any era. If you grew up in the modern era where the &quot;jazz&quot; label has come to mean either repetitive quasi-rock with complex harmonies or just a catch-all term for unstructured music, buy this album and learn what jazz can be."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KZQ', u"&quot;Learning to Crawl&quot; is the only Pretenders album I like.  The album has 8 great songs and 2 so-so ones (tracks 9 &amp; 10).  &quot;Learning to Crawl&quot; merges the personal and political, allowing its listeners to feel/view the world as experienced by a working class woman:  Chrissie Hynde, an Ohio native who wrote all but one of the songs on this album.  Hynde, a former waitress who bitterly remembers the experience on &quot;Watching the Clothes&quot; (&quot;I been kissing ass/Trying to keep it clean/Serving the middle class&quot;), is the authentic voice of a working class person, a voice not heard on pop radio since Bob Dylan faded from the scene.  &quot;My City Was Gone&quot; mourns the destruction of Hynde's childhood Ohio:  &quot;My pretty countryside/Had been paved down the middle/By a government that had no pride.&quot;  Quick, name another pop song that has a funky backbeat and a social/political message.  Hynde's voice, with its limited range, is an advantage rather than a liability.  No pretty melodies here, just some five-star writing/musicianship"))
(5.0, (u'B000002L68', u"Forget the Micheal Jackson's Thriller,  Purple Rain is a downright classic!  It's a must for me to play this CD all the way through ( missing one song would be like skipping pages in a mystery novel) and I never get enough of them!  Even after fourteen years, songs like The Beautiful Ones, Computer Blue and When Doves Cry is still fresh on every pop fan's minds.  I just wish that Prince will go back to producing songs that are at least half as good as those on Purple Rain.  Lately, his music has become stale with songs from his previous Emancipation and Chaos &amp; Disorder."))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"Take it from someone who is not quite a Dave Matthews Band fan - yet, which means you don't get a fanatical raving of the CD. It is a great album, solid and uniform, much like any other Dave Matthews Band CD. Although this one does sound a little different from &quot;Crash&quot;, it cannot be compared to it.  &quot;BTCS&quot; takes you on a journey through many musical styles, and leaves you deeply moved if you really listen to the soul of the songs. &quot;Don't Drink The Water&quot; is a high point, especially the ending where he and Alanis do a counterpoint.  But don't expect this album to be laid back: &quot;Crash&quot; was a relaxing, soothing experience; &quot;BTCS&quot; is powerful and moving, and far less subtle. All in all, I'd suggest that this is a worthwhile extention of your CD collection. It makes for interesting listening."))
(5.0, (u'0783227361', u"This movie is so cool! I first saw it last week and I've been watching it over and over again since!!!! Usually I'd feel like screaming if I saw a movie as much as I've seen this but not this one,it's still as good and as interseting as it was the first time I saw it!!! The characters are really cool. And the actors actors are cool, and everybody is really really funny!!!! I will definatley be watching this movie more and more and more!! And I suggest this movie to anybody and everybody!!! Except there is some profanity(cussing) in it but if you can handle that then it will be a great movie, plus if you really watch the movie and get to like it you won't really care about the cussing!!!!!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002N1V', u'As soon as I heard the hauntingly beautiful guitar-and-fiddle opening track &quot;Windfall,&quot; I knew I had found something special. Being a fan of folk-influenced rock and roll such as R.E.M., Husker Du, and Uncle Tupelo, this album has become a vital piece of my collection. I find &quot;Trace&quot; to be a bold alchemy of gentle acoustics punctuated with soulful riffs, sometimes verging on the dissonant. There is nothing contrived about this music; its heartland honesty, bereft of any glitz, makes it quintessentially American in character. Few bands have the ability to successfully evoke emotions that are both wistful and celebratory on the same album; Son Volt does it with sweet simplicity.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000047CX', u"This disk is made for a hot summer night in the company of your favourite people. The recording took place in 1963, but the sound quality is fully up to the digital age and the music is timeless. Most of the music is Brazilian style with &quot;The Girl From Ipanema&quot; being the best known piece, one of those well known recordings where you think, &quot;ah, that's where it is from&quot;. The sax sequences are gorgeous and goes straight in the belly - and below, he makes everyone in the audience wish they were playing the saxophone. If you are looking for cool relaxation or hot romance, this record delivers."))
(5.0, (u'B000002N7G', u"Hearing &quot;Say You Miss Me&quot; the 1st time was like feeling heartbreak's breath in my ear.  Tweedy vocalizes human quirks, vulnerabilites &amp; failings with Parsonesque simplicity and lightness that will comfort you with snatches of laughter even as you cry.  Not since Cowboy Junkies Trinity Session have simple chord changes made me weep like in &quot;Sunken Treasure&quot;.  The lyrics are true and pathetic.  &quot;Being There&quot; is the perfect companion when you want to indulge in feeling sorry for yourself but can still laugh at your own misery.  Wilco creates music for the brave and bright who realize that the exquisite intensity of human emotion is sometimes best exposed in a few silly, ridiculous details.  If you could imagine the character Chris on Northern Exposure as a songwriter, I'll bet he'd sing a few tunes like the ones you hear on &quot;Being There.&quot;  Full of high-school-drop-out wisdom, intuitive simplicity, and a not-too-serious perspective on sadness that still allows you to smile and go to sleep at night.  I love it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003BXN', u"well, because: if you label something as a ten,that  specific item would now be the barometer for  which all other CDs will be measured.  What if something emerges that is superior lyrically? For instance, Ras Kas has slightly honed his  speech better than common. (I might get some grief  for this)  And if it wasn't for underachieving beats and production, he would be very close to perfection.All in All, this is one of my favorite records of all time. it's in my car, my house, and at work.  Common is  gifted in the art of one-liners, and his perception of whats real is both tremondous and applaudible."))
(5.0, (u'B00000251N', u'There is not one weak cut on this CD anywhere.  It is difficult to decide which is more powerful - the hauntingly beautiful music or the poignancy of the poetic lyrics.  An example of some lines from  &quot;Be&quot; (one of my favorite cuts on this CD) ...Be.. As a page that aches for a word on a theme that is timeless and the one God will make for your dayBe.. As a song in search of a voice that is silent and the one God will make for your wayThis collection stands so well on its own, you forget that it was once linked to a book and a movie of the same name.  A spiritual work that will forever define Neil Diamond as a master songwriter and musician.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002N82', u"Brad Mehldau has achieved a feat in his mid 20's that most jazz musicians never accomplish: he has his own voice, as a pianist, and as a group conceptualist. On this album Mehldau and co. (Larry Grenadier and Jorge Roissy are equally amazing) demonstrate all of the things that their chronological contemporaries miss.  Far more important than technique (which Mehldau humbly displays) is lyricism, group communication, and a harmonic concept unparalleled in the jazz world of today.  Mehldau draws as much from Bach and Brahms as he does from McCoy or Wynton Kelly (his self-proclaimed jazz influences), and his original compositions showcase his effort to fuse his jazz and classical roots.  This is an incredible album regardless of the young age of its makers."))
(5.0, (u'6303250750', u"What would Long John Silver be like in old age, if his better half had won out? This 1930's British movie version of Russell Thorndike's novel gives us a clue. George Arliss, one of the greats of the British stage and an early star of Hollywood talkies, gives an excellent final performance in the title role. It's a switch for Arliss, who won an Oscar in the title role of &quot;Disraeli&quot; and usually played similar, elegant roles. Never afraid of a new role, he boldly quits the silver screen as an aging buccaneer!Dr. Syn is a retired pirate the world believes to have been hanged. In fact, he has taken up a second career as the parish pastor of Dimchurch, near the real-world Romney Marsh on the southern English coast. But Syn has brought some of his pirate crew along and together, they are secretly smuggling. Syn gives his smuggling profits for a new schoolhouse and for the town's poor. &quot;I've used the money better than the king and I haven't had to pay any duties,&quot; he brags. But there's also that pirate side. &quot;I've known the Scarecrow (Syn's smuggling code name) longer than any of you,&quot; says his chief lieutenant to the rest of the gang, &quot;and sometimes I'm mortally afraid of him.&quot;You'll find this drama well-acted all around, including a class-crossed romance for Margaret Lockwood in the role of Syn's daughter (who doesn't know her father is Dr. Syn, advising her not to hope the squire's dashing son will wed her). The Navy captain who stumbles his way toward the truth, learning to appreciate the ironic name of the town, is amusing, but able. He fights for the law, yet somehow lets you keep rooting for Arliss/Syn. The heavy of the tale, a mute, violent mulatto, is politically incorrect - but we see how he's been used by both sides so badly and feel sympathy for him. There's intrigue, betrayal and suspense. The story is well-paced and witty. A fine yarn for all viewers over the age of ten and a fine thespian finale for Arliss.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KAV', u'"I Have A Song To Sing, O" (a.k.a. "The Maid & The Merryman"), originally written by Gilbert & Sullivan (!!!) is well worth the price of the whole CD, but also check out "The Marvelous Toy" and "Going To The Zoo" (both by Tom Paxton); also the very brief but catchy "Boa Constrictor", written by Shel Silverstein (and misquoted at that, ugh!); and "Day Is Done" is nothing short of exuberant.My rating would have been 10 were it not for "Leatherwing Bat", which (although very catchy) is extremely sexist -- and sung by Mary Travers, no less, shame on HER!-----OBITER DICTUM: I have since obtained Tom Paxton\'s version of "Marvelous Toy"; during its performance, he actually comments, parenthetically, that "I\'ll bet you thought Peter Paul & Mary wrote that song?" This jesting jibe -- though uttered good-naturedly -- clearly betrays that Paxton is irked by PP&M;\'s success with this song and feels that people are misattributing it; else he would feel no need to make such a comment! It greatly distresses me that two such great folk singers should have even a *marginal* animosity towards one another...'))
(5.0, (u'B000002KHJ', u'Well, let\'s see: "Don\'t Think Twice, It\'s Alright" is excellent; "Too Much Of Nothing" you\'d *never* recognize as being sung by P.P.&M.; but is excellent too (and anti-drug!); "Lemon Tree" is a highly sexist classic; "500 Miles" is absolutely haunting. All of the others tunes here are only marginal -- with, of course, ONE big exception: "Puff! The Magic Dragon". This is the FIRST, the  ORIGINAL version, sung slowly, seriously, and with a quiet dignity which no "kiddie record" can ever duplicate. This version of "Puff" is easily worth the price of the entire CD, so if you get no other title in Peter, Paul & Mary, this is the title to get. Enjoy!LATE ADDENDUM: I must confess that I based the above review, NOT on the CD, but on the original vinyl LP on which this CD is based. Now that I\'ve actually heard the CD itself, I can ratify all that I have said above -- with ONE caveat: "Puff! The Magic Dragon" has been "remastered", which is to say that the bass has been greatly boosted. This is not entirely welcome -- for God\'s sake, why mess with perfection!? -- but it does not, on the whole, detract from one\'s enjoyment of the song. Nevertheless, I thought I would mention it because there are some people who (quite understandably) take exception to that kind of tampering.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000V3P', u'This is the first time I have heard many of these songs on CD.  Prior to this all I had were 78s and albums from the 40s, 50s, and 60s.  They were scratched up from years of use and some even traveled with my Daddy to Korea and Alaska.All I can say is kudos to Hovie Lister for keeping the masters to these recordings and re-releasing them in a clear CD form.The only reservation I had to this release was the fact that some of these songs were recorded after Jake Hess left to form the Imperials, so Jack Toney is featured on some songs without getting even a picture credit on the cover.Other than that-- this CD has yet to be removed from my CD carousel.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000011XM', u"An utterly unique electronic album from the first psychedelic era.  For me, this album creates a tremendous mood of the past (the 60's) and the future (from the heavy electronic instrumentation).  Of my over 1000 albums and CDs, this is surely one of my top 10...one of my &quot;desert island discs.&quot;  If you have never heard this (pretty likely), it's hard to explain.  Beautiful female vocals with some hard rocking tunes, and soft tone poems.  The instrumentation is occasionally jarring, along the line of a cross between early Velvet Underground and latter King Crimson.  I believe it was conceived in '67 and distributed in '68.  It is one of the grandfathers of the electronic scene that eventually was such a big part of the late 60's and 70's.  As I said, this one is unique. The closest comparison I've ever come across is a San Francisco group called 50-Foot Hose (their Cauldron album).  I would kill for another album by USA, but they made only one.  Their leader, Joe Byrd, resurfaced a few years later with another album (Joseph Byrd and the Field Hippies), but it wasn't as densely satisfying.  Should you get this?  It's tough to say.  If your idea of psychedelic is pretty tame (is there a Muzak version of your favorite tunes?), then you'd best stay away.  But if you can appreciate different sounds, and keep an open mind, you'll be rewarded with a phenomenal CD that you will treasure.  Good luck.  I hope you like it as much as I do!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005Z5S', u"Andrew Bird's Bowl of Fire CD entitled THRILLS is a compelling compilation of multicultural, literary music that evolved from the swing band tunes of the 1920's-40's.  Bird, who avoids pop music, does not merely ressurrect grand old tunes but he reinvents hot swing numbers reminiscent of this era with incredible intellectual finesse. Like a musical alchemist, His creations combine the eclectic elements of hot jazz, calypso, gypsy, blues &amp; Irish folk into a golden, multicultural genre that could be appropriately named &quot;Hot EURO-Swing.&quot;Bird weilds his bow masterfully like a musical Van Gogh dipping into a pallette full of colorful lyrics, and painting powerful portraits of the characters living in his songs.Andrew Bird's Bowl of Fire THRILLS CD is undoubtedly the cure for musical enui/ monochromatic music. This music has a levitating effect on listeners that enhances libido (musical ecstacy) &amp; elevates mood similar to hypnosis therapy.  Experience the thrill of discovering these immensely talented rising stars of hot  swing; i.e. hurry up &amp; buy this CD before it's sold out."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HT5', u"I know the members of Primus wouldn't say this, to do so would incriminate the rest of their work, but Frizzle Fry is the must have of all their releases.  Remember, the album came out in the days of NKOTB and Vanilla Ice.  NOONE sounded like this.  What I like about Primus is all the characters and stories that are the background of the music.  Les and co. make each character have their own sound.  They are masters at stimulating ones imagination while listening.  Each album has its own &quot;flavor&quot; and is unique while keeping with the &quot;Primus feel&quot;.  Attempting to define this flavor or feel is futile, one just needs to experience it with an open mind and a sense of humor.  &quot;Frizzle Fry&quot;, look at that name, so unique.  It allows each listener his or her own interpretation.  If you are a fan of any band that was in Lollapalooza 1993 you probably wouldn't be reading this, first because you already have it or second, are too burnt out and don't have a computer.  The point is, if you liked any of those bands and don't have this album, go find it, you won't be sorry."))
(5.0, (u'B000000I01', u"I hate live albums. I feel that home music listening is a personal experience, and to have screaming fans interrupting the beginning and end (and sometimes the middle) of every song strikes me as intrusive. If you want a live performance, go to a concert! But I bought this cd about five years ago and I still can't get enough of it. Why? It doesn't sound live! And it took me months to figure out that it actually was.Japan audiences must be every performer's dream. They show quiet but adequate appreciation before and after each song, and then they LISTEN to it. And that means WE can, too!Each song is a wonderful rendering of their album work. One of the reasons I didn't think it was live was because I couldn't imagine that sound being recreated so wonderfully on stage. But this is Japan we're talking about here. Why did they have to break up, just when they were reaching such heights of originality and talent?Check out the live version of &quot;Nightporter&quot;. It's incredible. Also noteworthy are &quot;Gentlemen Take Polaroids&quot;, and only Japan can do a song like &quot;Ghosts&quot; in concert and pull it off so effortlessly.This is the sound of Japan that influenced every member's future musical style. David Sylvian's 'Gone to Earth', Mick Karn's 'Dreams of Reason', Dali's Car's 'The Waking Hour', and The Dolphin Brothers' 'Catch the Fall' are perfect examples of the musical genius that each artist gave to and took with them from the flame of Japan's too-short-lived fire.If you love this band (or any music that is clean, original, and inspired), but hate screaming people in your living room, buy this album. Definitely worth it; chances are you'll never get tired of it."))
(5.0, (u'B000006EJJ', u'Rarely does one album provide such a complete overview of a musical genre.  This one has it all - names, virtuosity, and a multiplicity of styles showcasing the different artists &amp; their instruments.  Every tune is beautifully crafted and capable of evoking emotion.  The cut &quot;No Apologies&quot; will rip your heart out, hand it back, and leave you wanting to do it again.  Other tunes are equally gratifying, and the entire album stands up to repeated listening.  The album title is dead on - though the individuals are standalone stars, they created a truly magical and wondrous chemistry in this collaboration, and leave us to wonder if the planets will ever again align to allow another release from this marvelous lineup!  This album belongs in the collection of everyone who is seriously interested in &quot;just good music&quot;.'))
(5.0, (u'B000006END', u"This CD captures the amazement of seeing Phil Keaggy live in concert.  Phil, for those who don't know, is one of the world's premier guitar players, who can span styles from classical to jazz to hard electric riffs.  On this CD, Phil gives us a wide range of acoustic selections, some of which are fully-developed songs, others that are simply ideas in his head.  There are not many toe-tapping, vanilla tunes, but every song will make you ask, &quot;How does he do that?&quot; Luckily, the liner notes give us some of the answers to that question.  A definite must for Keaggy- and guitar-lovers."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAT', u"I remember the first time I heard Sgt. Pepper! I was in the hospital, recovering from injuries incurred in an auto accident! I was astounded! Having &quot;grown up&quot; with the Beatles, and having witnessed the evolution of their musical styles, I wasn't ready for what they released on the world!The driving, gut wrenching bass notes on &quot;A Little Help&quot; to the goose bump enhancing lyrics of &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; to the mysterious sitar sounds on &quot;Within You-Without You&quot;.  These were sounds we not only had never heard, but we never even suspected!! I can't help but think that The Beatles new album had a medicinal effect on me personally (remember; I was in the hospital) and on the turbulent times in which it was released! The world became a healthier and happier place, because now, at last, we had a &quot;Universal Anthem&quot;. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band!!! Long Live The Beatles!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005CTS', u"June Tabor's contralto is awesome.  Her voice is a combination of melody and feeling that you seldom hear and this CD is one of her best.The lyrics of Tabor's songs are as unusual and unexpected as her voice.  SHAMELESS LOVE, the first cut, is a witty look at romance with a light, airy feel to it.  PAVANNE tells the story of a female assassin none of us would wish to meet alone in a dark alley--or at a State dinner, for that matter!  APPLES AND POTATOES is a sprightly humorous Irish traditional song. BEAUTY AND THE BEAST, AN ANNIVERSARY, talks about what happens to Belle long after the initial romance.The only cut that I cannot listen to over and over is HE FADES AWAY because it is such a tear jerker.  The song describes the death of a miner from blacklung disease. Still, it is worth listening to at least once with hankie in hand!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001F0C', u"In a time when &quot;pop&quot; female recording artists have come into their own, the work of Ms. Springfield should be revered. This anthology goes along way toward accomplishing that. There are few pop genres she didn't attempt and master -- from r&amp;b to showtunes to dance music, ballads, rock and country. I can think of few (if any) other singers who can match Dusty's vocal and emotional range, from upbeat to sultry to downright heartbreaking. The anthology is thoughtfully compiled, lavishly illustrated and nicely annotated. If you've ever liked a Dusty Springfield song, you'll love this. If you're not familiar with her work...prepare to fall in love!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002TXI', u"I have my brother to thank for introducing me to John Hiatt's music. Actually that should be re-introducing me !Since the high watermark attained by the Bring The Family album, I'd kinda lost touch with JH. It was my loss !The songs on Walk On are uniformly excellent. In my entire CD collection (350 +) I don't think I have an album where the songs, the playing and the whole feel are so consistently damn good.From the opening bars of Cry Love, through to the (unlisted on the CD cover) Mile High the albums rocks with good humour, smart observations and great melodies. A strong current of folk blues tinges most of the tracksFrom a guy who has very high standards, is this his best album yet ? It has my vote.(but the Live album runs it real close !)"))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"&quot;Adore&quot; is an album that you can't compare to any other Pumpkins album, because it just doesn't fit in the same category as its predecessors. In one sense it does reflect certain songs from &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; and &quot;The Aeroplane Flies High,&quot; but in another sense, it's an addition to a long-lived style of music that is quite difficult to mimic.  Pumpkins fans, like me, will just (pardon the pun) &quot;adore&quot; this album, while other folks who have only heard the singles will consider &quot;too different&quot; or &quot;too slow and boring.&quot; My friends, there's more to music than just &quot;slow and boring.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000000U4F', u"Weird Al really came back strong with his third album titled &quot;Date to be stupid.&quot;  First and foremost is his cult classic &quot;Yoda&quot; which pokes fun at the Kink's &quot;Lola&quot; and has become the song that he ends his concerts with.  Also on the CD is the funny &quot;Like a Surgeon&quot; which is a parody of Madonna's &quot;Like a virgin&quot; and is very funny.  He pokes fun at love ballads with his campy &quot;One More Minute&quot; and goes really nuts with the zany &quot;Slime Creatures from Outer Space.&quot;  All in all it is a very entertaining album from one of the funniest perfomers out there!"))
(5.0, (u'156501345X', u"I watched the A&amp;E Special first, then I had to purchase this for my own collection. It is a gripping account of the events that occurred on that fateful night, and it is much more than a simple &quot;timeline&quot; account. This documentary has everything you always wanted to know about TITANIC, but didn't know where to begin to find it. I find that each time I watch this I find myself feeling melancholy afterwards [much like Cameron's film]. Personal accounts are woven throughout the documentary to give it the proper perspective, and it brings this tragedy back to life. I can't find anything negative to say about it. I highly recommend it. -- Doug Griswold, Sierra Vista, AZ.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000MST', u"This CD has got it all.  From fast-paced energetic songs to soft soothing melodies, this CD covers it.  Not only is the music fascinating, it is also spiritual.  The Yiddush connects the new to the old in a dynamic way.  The best track is # 11 (Shnirele Perele).  It's all about the Messiah coming and making the world a better place, tikkun olam.  It begins with a slow tune, and by the end, it seems like the Klezmatics are screaming beuatiful Yiddush words at you in a precise, timed, and delicate manner.  The best of the Klezmatic's three albums, this is a MUST buy!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000036RP', u"Ok, I'm in another one of my moody, depressive, I hate the world moods.  You know what I mean.  And there's only one thing that can help.  Put a little Liz Phair on.  You know the one...Exile on Guy Street.And then it comes...Whap!  A slap in the face.  Tell it like it is, Liz.  Belt it out.  Don't hold anything back.  Don't break on the words, don't give in on that melody.  Ok, not the greatest voice.  But Dylan couldn't sing either.  But she can convey her emotions through her voice better than anybody.Just a woman with a guitar and a notepad.  And man what a notepad.  Honest.  Real.  Revenge!  Man, the guy who jilted Liz Phair will never be able to date another woman again.  Brutal.  Just brutal.  Who did this to the poor girl?  And was it worth it if we got this album out of it?  I don't know what she's better at, playing acoustic or the electic guitar.  &quot;Oh, what ever happened to a boyfriend?  The kinda guy who tries to win you over?&quot;  I wouldn't want to tangle with Liz at a party.  Five feet two inches of pure fury, fire and passion.  Pity the man who tries to get into her head.There isn't any need to make this sound studio produced or polished.  Just give the woman a microphone.  Take each song in, one at a time.  Absorb each song in its entirety before moving on to the next.  Think of the album as an 18-step program to breakup recovery.  Dwell.  Then get over it.&quot;Letters and sodas&quot; indeed.  This is an amazing album.Do you feel lucky?  Well, do ya...PUNK?"))
(5.0, (u'B000003BFJ', u"Garage punk meets Weird Al Yankovic.  And it could have only happened in Philly.You got that man?  What are you wastin' your cash on?  If you don't got Mojo Nixon, your store could use some fixin'.There isn't a band that achieved that perfect mix of almost-tongue-in-cheek punk like the DM did.  And there sn't a band that changed their names more often either.But this isn't as hard-edged or as goofy as it sounds.  Oh, sure...it STARTED as a prank, as a hoax.  But then again...the songs are just too good, too musical, too much fun.  Ok, maybe at times its goofy, but goofy is good, goofy is fun.  Other times its pure satire, and more witty than anything any &quot;serious&quot; band ever did.You think you're clever?  Uh-uh.  The Dead Milkmen are clever.  You think you're talented or important?  Uh-uh.  You take yourself WAY too seriously my friends.  The Dead Milkmen were making fun of people like you before you were cutting teeth.They will be copied, they will be ripped-off.  But their cult will never be breached.  There will always be someone who tries too hard, or takes themselves too seriously, or not seriously enough.  And it won't be fun.  It won't be fun 'cause it won't be original.  And anywhoos...no band will ever be better to listen to at full volume with the top down while drivin' down to the Jersey shore.I bought a big lizard for only a dollar fifty, well, that's pretty neat, yeah thats...well, you know...nifty."))
(5.0, (u'B000006C05', u"Curve broke onto the English music scene some years ago with a sound that few had heard anything like before. Due to little airplay in the states, the band's ethereal hard dreampop never really hit the mainstream...thank god. Their crushing cd's from the early 90's had more guitar and a more bandlike quality, but Come Clean continues to show us an even darker side of Toni Halliday and Dean Garcia. This is music you want as you drive through an urban metropolis at the turn of the millenium, the cyberculture and streetlights taking you in and out of sight.This album is a bit less concerned with all the tracks sounding similar. Some are downright LOUD with sampled guitar and looped drums crushing you with Ms. Halliday's screeches. But then there are tamer tracks that are lurking in the shadows like &quot;Beyond Reach&quot;. This track employs a beautiful selection of liquid sounds woven into a tapestry of soft percussion that comes and goes, then leaps into a hard-hop agression that is controlled but...very, very restless.This is a good adjective to describe the band that has influenced groups like Garbage and Catherine Wheel. There is always a sense that the players are trying to express a deep personal frustration (usuallly about a complicated relationship between lovers) but never quite succeeds at bringing you the darkness or pain....and that's alright. Out of all the music that attempts to guide you through the darkest of places at the millenium's end, Curve nicely cradles you in its controlled, restless sonics of the night."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UJQ', u"I am extraordinarily picky in choosing CD's, mostly because I hate going home with junk, and because CD's cost an arm and a leg here in Austria.  I bought OK COMPUTER and it became, in one night of marathon listening, my favorite CD.  This band is so original, and the songs leave me at a loss for words.  Sometimes strange, sometimes folksy, sometimes all-out-awesome rock and roll.  I went back to the music store and bought all the other Radiohead albums I could find.  There is no better &quot;alternative&quot; rock band on the earth today, and I have a feeling they are getting even better with each album.  A must!"))
(5.0, (u'078062162X', u"What a terrific sleeper!  If you've wearied of cartoon-style action movies, or enjoy human drama under extreme circumstances, this movie should seem like a refreshing drink of water in a desert of artistic entertainment.A big-city lawyer travels to a small town to recruit the parents of children killed in a horrific bus accident to his class action suit against the bus company.  The movie explores the human element (not the legal element) as the parents respond to the tragedy, and explores a fascinating parallel between the demolished society of the town and the ruins of the lawyer's personal life.  I found the movie to be deeply affecting.  END  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002LLP', u'So many excellent songs, showcasing all the great writers she worked with during her first hey day, but so many classicearlier gems were left off to fit in all sides of Bonnie Raitt.TWO Cd\'s would have been a better bet considering Bonnie hasso many great recordings, especially during the first half ofthe 70\'s. Although she started to wander artistically afterSweet Forgiveness and take chances with producers all in the name of pushing a single what choice did she have. She was tomuch of a talent with such a varied repertoire to market, shetook chances and they didn\'t pay off well with "The Glow","Green Light" and the butchered after thoughts of "Nine Lives"(not that there weren\'t great songs on these, the whole didn\'t match the highlights on these and the producers couldn\'treally capture Bonnie\'s soulful/funky style and make it stick(on the charts, I would really love to see a large BOX SET come out in 2004 withat least 5 cd of all kinds of collaborations, outtakes, pullout the warners vault of live recordings etc. and really makeit worth the the while to do it. Cover all her best (first 3 complete albums for sure!)all the way through Silver Lining.  She is the Queen of the RoadBlues, Rock and Roll Hall of Famer,9 time Grammy award winner, Meanest Slide pop/Rock/bluesfunk/soul guitarist out there and one hell of a lady, Ultra cool at 54, quick with a line, with a heart of gold, a true musicans musican,  I\'d loveto see Bonnie get her due the RIGHT WAY.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002N7R', u"Victor Wooten is the most talented bass player I've ever heard.  I'm not the most well read musician, but I understand how hard it is run 32 notes down three scales without mising a beat.Throw in Bela Fleck's simultaneously wicked banjo and Future Man's perfect rhythm's and you won't believe you're listening to a live show.Brandford Marsalis plays with them.  Man, you gotta hear the solo section of track 3.  I don't even know the name of the song, but when Victor, Bela, Future and Brandford all fall off time and beat with each other at the end of the solo section, then drop back in perfectly to a fast paced melody, it's chillingly impressive.Check it out.  Especially if you're a musician."))
(5.0, (u'B000002N9F', u"If you are wondering where to start your Vigilantes of Love collection, this is the place.  &quot;V.O.L&quot; is a compilation of some of the best tracks from previous albums, and adds four new ones.  After listening to this, lead singer/songwriter Bill Mallonee's beautiful expressions of human frailty convinced me to purchase their entire catalog.  This collection has some jangle-pop, rock, and folkier stuff with mandolin, etc.  Highlights include &quot;Double Cure,&quot; &quot;When I'm Broken, See What Happens,&quot; and &quot;Skin.&quot;  After purchasing this one, be sure to get the two albums that follow it: &quot;Slow Dark Train&quot; and &quot;To the Roof of the Sky.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002TVF', u"It was 197? and I had been hearing Poetry Man on the Radio. The song touched me like all good music does --- profoundly. I didn't know who Phoebe Snow was, but I wanted to find out. Who is this women I thought, dashing off to the record store. I saw the the cover and it blew my mind!Took the album home and I have been hooked every since. She knew my sadness and my woes, my pleasues and my joys. Knew me and was singing my life in song.Twenty something years later I am still in awe when I hear this album. Everytime I hear it, it's like the first time..."))
(5.0, (u'B000005HFH', u"I've been a fan of Chet Baker's for nine years now, particularly of his singing, and have almost all of his albums that feature Chet on vocals. In my opinion this is one of his three best albums (the other two which I highly recommend - although they are hard to find but well worth the search - are: Let's Get Lost (the Soundtrack to the film about the life of Chet Baker- RCA,AAD,89), and Chet Baker Sings Again (Timeless SJP 238). This album's title is misleading, since it does contain MANY of Chet Baker's best EARLY songs, however it does not include his best LATER recordings, which while being very different in sound, are equally remarkable. Nor does this album include ALL of his BEST early vocal recordings... specifically it is missing: How Long Has This Been Going On; Forgetful (Chet has four amazing versions of this song publically available, each one quite unique); Come Rain or Shine; or Angel Eyes. For completedness this album should have also included his best vocal recording from later in his career, which are mind-bogglingly poignant and reveal a depth and retisence in Chet Baker that his early recording only hint at, specifically: Moon and Sands; For Heaven Sakes Let's Fall In Love; You're My Thrill; Autumn Leaves; Alone Together; and I Can't Get Started With You. Nonetheless, the Best of Chet Baker sings IS an amazing album which is a must have for those who enjoy Chet's unique brand of singing, but the opportunity is still out there to compile a more comprehensive, definitive set of Chet's best songs, a collection that would fairly reflect both his early and later achievements as a seering, raw, vulnerable singer, who shows here that he is - as a point of reference - on a par with John Lennon in the directness and honesty of his delivery. While it's hard to pick favourites on an album like this, in which (in my opinion) almost all the songs are stelar, one or two do lead the pack (in this order): i) I Remember You; ii) Just Friends; iii) Long Ago and Far Away; iv) It's Always You; v) Daybreak; vi) Time After Time. ***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."))
(5.0, (u'B000005J7L', u"I bought this CD for one song, &quot;I'll Be&quot;, a huge hit in Northern California. I was so pleasantly surprised to find there is not a bad song in the bunch! I love the entire CD. It begins with an enthusiastic guitar to set the album off with &quot;See The Sky Again&quot;. The water effects on &quot;Rhytham of Life&quot; are unique and create a great visual. My favorite on this record is &quot;Take Me&quot;. What a beautiful, heart-wrenching display of love gone away. I am truly moved by this artist's ability to create a visual and emotional reaction to his music. It is quickly becomming the favorite of my collection. A Must Have!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005Z0A', u"Live the Life has an exellent musical arrangement and is filled with dynamic songs of encouragement.  'Never Been Unloved' provides a powerful lyric that will encourage you to be thankful for God's grace, while 'Missing Person' is one of the best songs that I have ever heard for the melody and lyric.  'Live the Life' is another powerful song that encourages accountability in all of us.  This album is a must have for anyone.Every song on this album is excellent and the guitar work is wonderful.  MWS does it again -- I believe that this is his best album (as a whole) yet.Mike Davis"))
(5.0, (u'B000005Z0Z', u'Much is happening in the P&amp;W (praise and worship) &quot;scene&quot;. This album confirms that the team-up of urban and P&amp;W is here to stay. While artists/producers like John P. Kee and Kirk Franklin have succesfully joined gospel with urban, Fred Hammond has really done a pioneering job in bringing urban, with a strong gospel basis, together with P&amp;W. This album has some great &quot;church&quot; songs for congregational singing, beside offering good ear pleasing, soul encouraging and spirit lifting songs for listening (although it is hard to listen and not dance and sing-a-long anyway). This 2 disc album consisting of both a studio and live recording, offers more than 2 hours of great music and my guess is that it will take a while before anything like this comes along.'))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZBB', u"Sam Bush's latest CD. &quot;Howlin' at the Moon,&quot; is far superior to &quot;Glamour and Grits.&quot;  The instrumentals are wonderful, especially those with Jerry Douglas and Bela Fleck.  Sam is not the world's greatest vocalist; he tries hard, though, and his enthusiasm shows.  Many of the songs have a lyrical theme of &quot;life is short, so enjoy it now.&quot;  While I like the premise behind &quot;Crossing the Transippi (person singing a second violin part),&quot; the usually-irritating John Cowan manages to sound like a cross between Micky Thomas of Starship and Brad Delp of Boston.  Get this guy out of bluegrass and into a rock band!  Overall, an enjoyable recording."))
(5.0, (u'B000000H7W', u"One of the best freaking albums of all time.  This was the start of the Damned's second time around which most of their hard core fans preferred to their original 1977 line up.  Besides the three English charting singles &quot;Love Song&quot;, &quot;Smash it Up&quot; and &quot;I Just Can't Be Happy Today&quot; there is also Dave Vanian's epic tribute to Vampira &quot;Plan 9, Channel 7&quot;, a cover of the MC5's &quot;Looking at You&quot;, and the manic &quot;Anti-Pope&quot;.  A wonderfully produced album with lots of little surprises hidden between the grooves.  The CD features several bonus tracks including the Love Song B-side &quot;Suicide&quot;, a very psychadelic version of the Jefferson Airplane's &quot;White Rabbit&quot; and it's fantastic B-side &quot;Rabid Over You&quot; which came out inbetween &quot;Machine Gun Etiquette&quot; and its follow up &quot;The Black Album&quot;.  The core threesome of Dave Vanian (vocals), Captain Sensible (guitar), and Rat Scabies (drums) is joined by one time Saints bassist Aleister &quot;Algy&quot; Ward. The highlight from the highly destructive wild ride of England's greatest punk rock band."))
(5.0, (u'B000003BLE', u"Well, even the Beatles broke up.  But the eerie coincidences don't end there.  No, no, my friends.Well, chances are you just don't get it anyway.  Apparently you people just didn't buy enough albums.  Myabe it all started to go bad when Rodney started dating that performance artist.  Or when they let Mallory sing.  I don't know.  Nobody does.  Paul is dead.  And if you play &quot;Surfin' Cow&quot; backwards, you'll hear the directions to a pot of buried gold.  I swear to God, Stuart.Yes, and all of you mocked me when I said nothing good could ever come out of Philadelphia.  Well, cheesesteaks, maybe.  And soft pretzels are good.But that's not the point.  The point is that the band broke up and left this greatest hits collection, so pony up the dough, but the album and lets get those royalty checks out there shall we?"))
(5.0, (u'B00000016W', u"everyone's heard it, Pet Sounds is the greatest album of all time.  come to think of it, it's all true. Immediately on the first listening anyone can recognize that Pet Sounds contains some of the most beautiful harmony on record.  Wouldn't It be Nice, Sloop John B, and God Only Knows are inarguably three of the most beautiful songs in music.  But wait, there's more.  Beneath this wonder of sound mixing that would make Phil Spector drool is a story of angst and yearning and all those other emotions that young people experience.  It is the story of a person in love chronicling both the highs and the lows.  From the daydreams and wishes of Wouldn't it Be Nice to the bittersweet denoument of Caroline, No it is obvious that this is a hearfelt statement.  And sprinkled within are such masterpieces as That's Not Me and I Just Wasn't Made for These Times, obviously personal messages from one of the greatest musical geniuses of the twentieth century.  Fear not:  this is no Surfin' Safari.  This is an emotional and groundbreaking classic."))
(5.0, (u'B0000003W1', u"I was browsing the CD's at Elderly Instruments in Lansing Michigan in 1997 and asked a staff member for a recommendation. She pointed out Lynn Miles &quot;Slightly Haunted&quot;. Elderly had selected it as a &quot;Hot Platter&quot;. It soon became my favorite CD purchased in 1997. My wife and I have decided to purchase a second copy so we can both have one.  I can understand a music critic not being overly excited by a mostly acoustic recording but to call it vacuous (1. Devoid of matter; empty. 2.a. Lacking intelligence; stupid. b. Devoid of substance or meaning; inane. c. Devoid of expression; vacant.), just does not fairly describe this recording.  I think the great majority of people would find Slightly Haunted to be at the least an enjoyable listen, and to many a new favorite cd.  Bob Speeter, Michigan"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KFB', u'Little Feat is the kind of band that appeals on many levels.  For the dancer it is the sort of boogie woogie funk-stomp and rollicking blues that keeps you on your feet and moving.  For the road warrior it is some of the best car tunes you could hope for-Tripe Face Boogie helps eat those miles! For musicians it is overwhelmingly GOOD craftsmanship ...without seeming effort, but oh!Checkout the bass on Spanish Moon, the sly drumming on Skin It Back and the soulful piano chops on Oh Atlanta.  Memphis-sounding horns, stellar bottleneck blues, and the sinuous vocals of George, et al.  A classic, filled with hooks and attitude.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002KNI', u"OK, I've always been a fan of Simon &amp; Garfunkel, but this album is worth double the money you spend to buy it! In May, 1998 I was visiting New York and it was the first time there as I came from Berlin, Germany. I visited Central Park and thought how it'd been here in 1981 when Simon &amp; Garfunkel made one of the best concerts in the world. When you love Simon &amp; Garfunkel or you love New York, this CD is a 'MUST-BUY'. I lost my heart in New York as described in one of the songs on this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LHO', u"Having been a fan of Laurie Anderson for many years and following her career since Home of the Brave, I was extremely pleased with the direction she took with Strange Angels. According to her, she took singing lessons. I never minded her voice before and her style of delivering lyrics through electronic masks or mechanical devices was one of Laurie Anderson's calling cards. On this album, though, she really shows off a wonderful voice. A voice that will instantly revert back to the conversation-like style of her earlier work.My favorite piece on the album is Ramon, especially the end when she talks about people falling. I usually have the rhythm and words stuck in my mind for a good half-day after listening to this tune 5 years after initial release.Overall, Strange Angels is Laurie Anderson's most accessible album for those unfamiliar with her and it is also her most polished. I don't have a more-played CD in my collection.If you like Jane Siberry (her earlier stuff), you will probably find a lot to like from Laurie Anderson and especially Strange Angels."))
(5.0, (u'B000002654', u"Molly Hatchet is truly the most awesome Southern Rock band and have stood the test of time and are still original and the same faces unlike another band we know all to well and cringe when we hear that &quot;what song do you want to hear?&quot;or Sweet Home Alabama for the zillionth time.This album has Molly Hatchet's best hits, some great lesser known songs and their own version of Freebird and it's better than L.S.'s version and they leave out the stupid phrase.I think this album is great for someone who's curious about the group,the avid collector,and the true fan.This album has class,quality live sound,and plenty of style.You can't go wrong with this one people."))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"&quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot; *is* different than all of the others, and it does sound a bit darker (although there are plenty of &quot;dark&quot; songs on each of DMBs albums, but they are covered nicely with upbeat rythems!).  But does that make it a bad CD?  Is dark bad?  I don't think so.  It's a wonderful CD, with diverse music (Jaz, rock, folk, a bit of country, Middle-Eastern type stuff, and even some soul), and it's very original.  Do you think anyone could ever copy DMB (or be at least moderetly successful at it?)?  I don't think so.  The drummer (I can't remember any of these guys names, although I have all of their albums ... I'm terrible w/names) is wonderful, and quite possibly one of the best drummers in the good ole U of A (the world, maybe?).  I love the sax, and I love the violen.  I love the guitar, and i loved all of the &quot;guests,&quot; from Alanis to the bango to the gospel-singers.  Halloween is dark, forbidding, and, well, about nightmares.  Rapunzel is one of the sexiest songs on the album, with Crush close behind.  By this album.  I highly recommend it.Oh, and someone called a song The Wishing Tree.  That's not correct.  It's The DREAMING Tree."))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u'I bought this album first, then purchased the other two that put this band on the map.  I can see all the controversy between the fans over this piece.  The first two felt like old comfy shoes on a nice warm bed with lots of country-funk licks and folk sensibility, this new one, at first listen, has lots of jazz-shadows lurking, especially in the last three tracks.  But the experimentation grows on you with each repeated listen, from the intense funk of Rapunzel, to the soul of Stay, to the rock/string arrangements on Halloween.  Even the 7-minute + opus The Dreaming Tree has many moving moments.This album, more than the others, has made a fan out of me.'))
(5.0, (u'B000006DI6', u"If you've never read &quot;Don't Stop The Carnival&quot; by Herman Wouk, then you will find this to be a very, very good album.  However, if you have read the book, then you'll know this is an excellent album.  Jimmy completely captured the imagery of Norman Paperman and Amerigo.  Heck, even if you haven't read the book, after just a couple of listens, you'll find yourself smack dab in the middle of the Gull Reef Club!  Be sure to save your money for that vacation trip to NYC when this thing hits Broadway.  It will blow &quot;Lion King&quot; right out of the jungle!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H70', u"I must say, I have never, until today, read a negative word about Disintegration. By virtue of it being a release by the Cure, to make any comment regarding its moods, is sheer redundancy. What is most important about this album (and indeed what makes it so great) is the craft of the album. By layering one discordant line over another, the Cure have created an edgy and ellusive (&quot;Fascination Street&quot;, &quot;Lullaby&quot;) while at the same time, rich (&quot;Plainsong&quot;, &quot;Closedown&quot;) and tangible album. And one must admit to the pure pop perfection (a la Robert Smith) of the plaintive and glorious &quot;Pictures of You&quot;. If you don't find solace and/or joy in darker musings, this may not be your album. But, in an industry which is all about flash in the pan, big singles and big money, here is an album (in the true sense of the word) which seers its own course over a terrain of its own design. It may be a return to something resembling &quot;Pornography&quot;, yet this time it makes sense --&quot;So let's cut the conversation/  And get out for a bit/Because i feel it all fading and paling/And i'm begging to drag you down with me/To kick the last nail in/Yeah i like you in that like i like you to scream/But if you open your mouth then i cant be responsible for/Quite what goes in or to care what comes out&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002HA4', u"Listening to They Might Be Giants is like dreaming. It makes absolutely no sense afterwards, but while you're doing it, it makes perfect sense. Apollo 18 is the John's at the height of their craft.From the eternally classic &quot;I Palindrome I&quot; to the dance worthy &quot;See the Constellation&quot; to the bizzare melodies of &quot;Turn Around&quot; to the sippets of genius called &quot;Fingertips&quot;, Apollo 18 is likely to please any eccentric in your life. Buy a copy for him/her and one for yourself. Buy a million copies.My evil twin, she seems much bigger to me. So to calm my nerves I sang this song. The lion's on the phone. He is our hero. Don't leave the Hall of Heads.There are two types of TMBG fans. Real fans, and those who listen to &quot;Flood&quot; only. Real fans know that this one is the best!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000047CZ', u"The trend toward hyperbole with these reviews is justified with an album like &quot;Sonny Side Up&quot;.  No bones about it,  this CD is a smoker!  This was one of my first albums that set the hook for 28 years of jazz enjoyment.  With thousands of records in my collection now I still never tire of this one,  a desert island pick for sure.Diz, Newk and Stitt are at the pinnicle of their creative careers.  Dizzy is like bubbling oiled fire.  Rollins...raw, biting, searching.  Stitt...smooth as butter, funny, fast.  One of the two strokes of genius on this date...the pairing of these two tenor titans.  Their styles are so totally different yet they compliment one another.The other stroke of genius is the use of blues oriented jazz pianist Ray Bryant who adds a solid mood that anchors this session.&quot;On The Sunny Side Of The Street&quot; opens the set at a business man's bounce.  Stitt takes the first solo followed by Diz using a Harmon mute.  Rollins jumps in with all fours and the out melody is sung by (who else) Dizzy embelishing the lyrics with &quot;Dizzyisms&quot;.A Stitt original &quot;The Eternal Triangle&quot; flys. Faster than my metronome (208).  Stitt takes the first solo and is off. The ideas just gush out. His tone is so beautiful and his rhythm is right on the money.  Dizzy and Rollins throw in shout riffs behind him to build the energy.  Stitt's solo ends when Rollins busts through the door and they begin trading &quot;fours&quot;.  As Joe Bob Briggs might say...&quot;then they got pissed&quot;.  Each tries to outdo the other and succeeds, the result is an exremely exciting and climactic romp through this tune.  After they trade &quot;eights&quot; Dizzy tepidly enters on unmuted horn and cools things down before launching into one of the most inspired solos of his life.  He squeezes out screeching high notes, half valves it, jerks the rhythm and finally ends by trading fours with drummer Chas Persip ending the head with a blazing tag.Ray Bryant has made the Avery Paris! h tune &quot;After Hours&quot; his own with this recording.  The Bryant touch is so blue it profounly affects the horn soloists.  Each tune shows Dizzy's musical stamp with small ensemble riffs sometimes launching a soloist.  This tune is no exception.  A classic.Another workout for bassist Tommy Bryant is &quot;I Know That You Know&quot;.  Sonny Rollons &quot;stop time&quot; solo on this showcases his ability to hear the chords and rhythm in his head and jettison the band for several choruses.This is a good CD to turn a novice on to jazz or perk up some jazz die hard.  It doesn't get any better than this!  A ten on the groove-o-meter."))
(5.0, (u'B0000047EC', u"I llike it as the most romantic and well-produced transmision of quiet feelings by 2 jazz musicians that I have listened to. To those unfamiliar with both artists, the compilation might even sound perhaps a little sad. But, like always, the difference between nostalgic and joyous may be very little, if any... To those familiar with Pat Metheny's music, it may be that deep-feelings music compilation that you always wanted to extract from Pat's multiple albums, with the extraordinary and very identifiable structure given by Charlie Haden. To those familiar with Charlie Haden only, it is an extraordinary blend of the best guitar and other instruments coupled with Charlie's superb musical personality. All, structured on top of some well known third- party themes plus some unpublished of their own. Alfonso Ruiz Guinazu, Buenos Aires, Argentina"))
(5.0, (u'B0000058A9', u"This CD saved me at times.  I am a parent who loves childrens songs, but can grow tired from listening to them over and over.  Joe Scruggs, Jeep In the Jungle is a CD that my two girls and I can listen to over and over, and it still makes me smile.  It is the greatest childrens CD in my opinion.  That is why I can't believe it is not included on the top 50 childrens CD's.  It is a shame because I am sure this CD and Joe Scruggs' other CD's would gladdly be appreciated by other parents who also can grow tired of sugary sweet childrens CD's out there. His sense of humor is very quirky, but still not offensive or demeaning.  I love the way he looks at the world seemingly through a childs eyes.  Please look into putting this CD on that top 50 childrens CD's.  If I could do it,  it would be number 1."))
(5.0, (u'B000005B08', u'in the last couple of decades, british bands have come up big in the US.  this group has done exactly the same.  only better!!  these people have such musical talent; so much to the point that they can span the musical genres with ease.  when tubthumper the song first hit the radio waves, i immediately liked the fresh style that chumbawamba had come up with so many years ago.  so i went and payed $18 for the cd at the only record store that stocked it.  the cd blew away my wildest expectations.  now the only thing i can wait for is their next round of albums to hit the US market, not just in europe.'))
(5.0, (u'B000005GZX', u"This album is clearly for the &quot;crossover&quot; music lover. First, there is the folk style instrumentals masterfully played on a classic guitar with almost baroque-like touches. Then there is the haunting cello in the background, adding a faux classical ambiance. And finally there is the powerful voice of Portugal's pop diva, Teresa Salgeiros who has charmed the Northern Europeans, from Copenhagen to Munich. It is very hard not to be touched by her, especially in a live concert, but her seductive voice comes across the stereo as well. This is sophisticated music for sophisticated audiences. It is haunting, melancholic, and soulful. It is not &quot;party&quot; music, unless your idea of a party is a romantic evening with your favorite dinner companion..."))
(5.0, (u'B0000013H7', u"I love me some Usher. He is sooooooo FINE!!!!!!!!!! He did an excellent job on the soap  &quot;The Bold and The Beautiful&quot;. I am his BIGGEST and #1 fan. He is a great teen role model and he shows it in his talent. He is young black and gifted. Words just can't express the way I feel about him. I can only describe him like the title of his song&quot;The Many Ways&quot; I can think of many ways to say I LOVE HIM. I just don't have the time. Keep up the good work and keep doing it &quot;YOUR WAY&quot; PEACE!!!!!!!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y5Z', u"A whisper conveys more than a scream.  Silence becomes more crushing than the din.  In the bleakest, darkest moment, a soul writhes in its own hell.  This is the sound of someone self-destructing.The Downward Spiral is a concept album that stands with Pink Floyd's The Wall as the most towering ego-centric rock opera detailing the descent into destruction and despair.Trent Reznor pulls out all the stops and smashes into his soul, sometimes with cacophony, sometimes with melodic sweetness.  He tears out his soul and lays it before us as he ruminates on the downward spiral, the path to self-destruction.This is the soundtrack for your biggest moments of doubt and despair.  This is for those nights when there is nothing left but you and your demons.This album will stand as NIN's towering achievement."))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y5Z', u"Well.. this is by far my all-time favorite cd.. and I have over 250 of them... ranging from Nirvana, Pearl Jam, and Collective Soul.. to Chemical Brothers and Crystal Method... to Classical Music and Jazz....  the music is ingeniously mixed and is overall an incredible piece of &quot;music art&quot; .. unlike other artists tryingn to &quot;shock us&quot; (aka.. no talent poser M. Manson... )  Trent speaks of many shocking things.. but he doesn't make it the sole point of the album.. the music is...  I wait everyday for the new cd to be released... entitled &quot;The Fragile&quot; due out in November I believe... may be 2 discs!!!  yay!!  if you never got this album.. get it now!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000025KY', u"Stanley Clarke is Jazz Fusion Bass.  There is not now, never was, and never will be an equivalent .  Few artist achieve instant greatness with their solo debut album...Stanley did.  The opening cut...&quot;Vulcan Princess&quot;...winds its way from a sassy rythmic dance, into a bold, fully  ripe melody,  fermenting into a beautifully eerie vocal ballad of love and longing.  &quot;Vulcan Princess&quot; leads-sans pause- into a (now classic) string popping, synchopathic jaunt through the spacey landscape which is titled &quot;Yesterday Princess&quot;.  &quot;YP creates musical slices of synthesizer, electric guitar and percussion which seem to fragment, then cascade back together, pulled sytematically into line by the ever present &quot;syncho-Stanley- pops&quot;.  The &quot;Princess&quot; tunes are wonderful introductions for the middle of the six tune album...they make us like Stanley, appreciate Stanley, recognize that Stanley is an extremely passionate and talented  musical poet.  Tunes 3 and 4, &quot;Lopsy Lu&quot; and &quot;Power&quot; creep up on you  teasing with an underlying, pseudo-subtle flavor of the beast which lurks in the fantastic fingers of Monsieur Clarke. &quot;Lopsy&quot; is poignant.  &quot;Power&quot; is, well... powerful. The next cut &quot;Spanish Phases for Strings and Bass&quot; is moody,seductive, occassionaly lilting, nearly passifying. The  &quot;SPfSaB&quot; calms you, soothes you, puts you at just the right place to best handle the adrenelaine shot to the heart that concludes the album...The final cut &quot;Life Suite&quot; states simply that if life starts with a slap on the rear and a cry...it surely ends with a hard swift  kick in the pants and a  passionate scream.  That's Stanley...."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EL5', u"With the glitz and glamour of DESTROYER behind them, KISS turned to engineering guru Eddie Kramer to get them back to the raw sound that had made them famous. Recorded in a theater-in-the-round atmosphere, ROCK AND ROLL OVER was as close to a live recording as possible with overdubbing held to a minimum. With the gentle acoustic intro to the album's first track, I WANT YOU, KISS unleashes a fury of riff-driven power rock that ignores teenage angst and thrives on a young boy's passion.....women! With catchy hooks and Ace Frehley's scathing Les Paul, bassist Gene Simmons and guitarist Paul Stanley wildy express the joys of rock stardom. Among classic such as CALLING DOCTOR LOVE and HARD LUCK WOMAN are such overlooked gems such as LOVE 'EM LEAVE 'EM, TAKE ME, and Stanley's all-time sleeper, MR SPEED.  If you are unfamiliar with KISS, this is the album to buy. Unfortunately incorrectly labled as a Heavy Metal Band, KISS is and always will be the hottest ROCK band in the world.....ENJOY!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002M6S', u"This CD is a musical journey.  Ostensibly a children's recording, it is rich in harmony and diversity of sound.  Some songs sound hauntingly familiar -- possibly because the theme is one that children sing all around the world.  The acapella voices are accompanied only by percussion and sometimes percussive vocal sounds.  The entire album takes the form of a story -- each song progressing naturally into another.  The finale, &quot;In the Jungle&quot; is the best rendition of this song that I have ever heard, and brought tears to my eyes!  Incidentally, my musical experience is almost exclusively classical, and the Zulu harmony is now one of my  favourite musical forms!  Don't take my word for it -- listen to it, share it with a child, and watch his or her body respond to the gentle rhythms and patterns!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002MKL', u"I really can't explain why I like Emmylou Harris so much. I don't even care for most country music, at least what's being played on the radio. However, Ms. Harris strikes a chord in my soul like no other singer and I have never been able to get enough of her music. This boxed set is a beautiful compilation of the best of the best and is a must have for anyone who considers themselves a collector of influential music.  Ms. Harris is a rare individual who can move from genre to genre and still make music that can be taken seriously.  I had the priveledge of hearing her live about a year ago and I still get chills thinking about it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NGS', u"Many people critisized this album when it first came out.  All I have to say is that once you see the new singer perform in concert, you will have a much greater appreciation of this Van Halen 3. This album takes the band to a higher level.  Once you get used to the different tone of some of the songs this album is thourgouhly enjoyable (there are still a couple of traditional Van Halen sounding songs like 'Dirty Water Dog' and 'Fire in the Hole'-- which incidently is the theme  song for the Lethal Weapon 4).Bottom line:  A much more 'talented' album in the past.  Eddie plays the guitar like he hasn't done in years.  The new singer takes a bit of time to get used to, but has much more range than David Lee Roth or Sammy Hagar ever did.  Gary energizes the band, especially Eddie.  And if you don't believe me, see them in concert this summer!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001BX0', u"Desde que el video de &quot;Gimme the Power &quot; se transmitio en MTV busque por dias en Internet hasta que encontre el MP3 en un FTP mexicano, donde adem&aacute;s estaba el resto del CD, despues de tomar esta canci&oacute;n me dio curiosidad y baje otra ... &quot;Mas vale cholo que mal acompa&ntilde;ado&quot; me encanto el estilo, luego baje &quot;Cerdo&quot; la cual me parecio increible y decidi bajar todas..y TODAS SON BUENAS. Obviamente, cuando el disco llego a El Salvador lo compre de inmediato, nunca habia comprado un CD con tanto gusto desde que Soda Stereo saco Cancion Animal.Lo que me gusta mas de este grupo es la capacidad de cambiar ritmos, &quot;Cerdo&quot;, &quot;Puto&quot;, &quot;Que no te haga bobo jacobo&quot;,&quot;Voto Latino&quot; son canciones que definitivamente demuestran que el grupo tiene talento, pueden cambiar ritmo, voces, temas, tiempos, de manera formidable. Las guitarras chillan increible, la combinacion de 'malas palabras' en la letra es natural, no se oye mal o forzado como con otros grupos. Estamos acostumbrados a sacar una o dos canciones buenas de un CD pero este esta prensado de borde a borde de excelentes piezas.No se si ellos tienen algun contacto con Salvadore&ntilde;os, pero hay mucha combinacion de expresiones que me parecen muy salvadore&ntilde;as, me imagino que sera casualidad.Compren el CD y ponganlo a todo volumen. 100% recomendado."))
(5.0, (u'B000002C25', u"It's a hell of a bold statement for unofficial leader, and songwriter Noel Gallagher to say that &quot;This is the end of a musical trilogy&quot; since Oasis has only produced three albums. But insert cd press play, and you wish a bit it still went on...Be Here Now, provisionaly titled is an aural version of a big buffet - that is, it is packed chock-a-block with delights, beauties, gems, such works of genius that you can't help not having more. With the looming plane announcing the start of a 75 minute + musical epic, you know you are on for a treat.It is hard not to be caught on by the affectious, sometimes loud, sometimes anthemic, but generally pleasurely high magic that Brother Noel creates. Combined with little Brother Liam with vocals, life is given to tunes which define white boy rock, adds another dimension to it, and creates a new genre, called &quot;Oasis&quot;.Highlights are undefined, as the whole cd is one highlight in itself. It is a bit sad to see Oasis heading for a new type of sound, but sit back, and enjoy. You will enjoy for sure."))
(5.0, (u'B000003OZN', u'This CD is for fans of instrumental Jazz Fusion styled playing with a dash of Rock n Roll. The ferocious playing will surely blow your mind. John Novello plays a mean B-3 organ a la Keith Emerson, etc. while Dennis Chambers provides a steady groove on the drums. Add bassist virtuoso Billy Sheehan and you have the band Niacin. This CD will take you through a variety of adventurous moods and styles of playing. It is hard to believe that this CD is their first. Bassists need to check out the song Clean Up Crew to believe it. I give it my highest recommendation.'))
(5.0, (u'B000005L6V', u"The debut album from some of the brightest lads in the new wave of progressive rock. While elements of the classic &quot;prog&quot; bands are evident (primarily Genesis and Yes), Iluvatar has managed to distil a sound that is immediately recognizable as their own. Tracks range from complex multi-thematic (&quot;Iluvatar&quot; and &quot;In the Eye&quot;) to exemplary mainstream (&quot;Eagle&quot; and &quot;New Found Key&quot;). Amazing work from an amazing band; along with Spock's Beard and Dream Theater, they rank among the best of contemporary progressive rock.PS: Their second CD, &quot;Children&quot;, is every bit as good as their first. If Amazon does not carry it, try contacting Kinesis Records directly. Believe me, there is NO way that you could be disapointed by this band!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005RFG', u"One can only question how a mere mortal can possess such great amounts of musical talents. The man in question is Noel Gallagher, songwriter for Oasis.Third single off their fantastic third album &quot;Be Here Now&quot;, &quot;All Around The World&quot; is truly a musical epic. The length of the single fits the epic word in every sense, as it covers 9 minutes plus of time. But the heights that AATW covers expands the meaning of epic.From the quiet and gentle strumming of the guitar to the phenomenal heights it reaches with the crashes of guitar, drums, blinding vocals and strings, AATW is such an aural attack on the senses that one can only whimper in pure ectasy.It's anthemic feel and all it gives leaves it's opposition dead. It's string sections leaves &quot;Bitter Sweet Symphony&quot; sounding like a school orchestra, it's triumphant feel gives any self help guide sounding pessimistic. It cries of hope, of joy, of fun, of OASIS!Taken off the shine off this song is the constant Beatles comparison. This is not the case. It possess the same feel, but it takes it to another level, it is purely Oasis, not the Beatles.Pure and simple, this song is tops. The most perfect effort that Oasis has offered so far. In fact, I'll take it to another step to say this is the song they play in heaven! I know, since I have had my breathe taken away by this song, dying, and reaching Pearly Gates..."))
(5.0, (u'B000000DPF', u'I have to admit, part of this review\'s rating is nostalgic: the music may be four stars, but the feeling it gives you is definately five!  The melodic "White Bird" is finally coming back to radio, witness to the music\'s timelessness.  The driving "Hot Summer Day" is still a powerful piece.  The haunting "Girl With No Eyes", eclectic "Bombay Calling" and the pulsing "Time Is", slowly winding itself around to a climax...  If you listened to this album in the 60\'s & 70\'s and liked it, listen again.  You\'ll remember a bit of your younger days.  If you\'ve never heard it, it\'s definitely worth a try.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000038UT', u"Used to love the old Rockers, Rainbow, and I am old enough to remember when Deep Purple first entered the scene (jeez, hate admitting that!)..this is very different in a lot of ways..I think Blackmore is having fun adding a surreal touch in what seems to be a themed album..&quot;Hunting Humans&quot; is very erotic and haunting the way viewing &quot;Dracula&quot; is..and his almost crazed version of the Grieg classical piece &quot;Hall of the Mountain King&quot; is sure a lot more fun than the original!..But for those who just like pure rock or power ballads, there won't be any disappointment for them, either..."))
(5.0, (u'B00000052M', u"This &quot;best-of&quot; collection lets us see the Stone Roses take their first baby steps with a few early, dismal cuts of wannabe-Smiths, and then suddenly blossom into all-time-classic songwriters and performers. Every cut from &quot;Made of Stone&quot; on is indispensable. This is music that shines with an otherworldly light: archetypal 60s-British-Invasion quality pop but without a trace of revivalism or pastiche -- it simply sounds like songs that have existed all your life. Cool, gorgeous, transcendent. If these guys had been doing this back in the heyday of the Beatles and Stones, they would be equally revered now. That this album never caught on across the Atlantic is truly a shame: North America has no idea of the luminous, uplifting glory it's missing."))
(5.0, (u'B0000006I9', u"This was my introduction to the unique oeuvre of Dave Frishberg and it remains a fave. Frishberg wears many hats: gorgeous composer; awesomely clever and heartfelt lyricist; vocalist whose gravelly, avuncular tone masks dead-on pitch and supple rhythm that characterizes the greatest jazz singers; pianist who swings so mightily that hard hats should be required [just dig this CD's Al Cohn medley]. All these facets of his music are clearly and equally displayed on this album. Dave never allows his consummate craftsmanship to obscure the very warm, vulnerable, human core of his art. One of the best albums from a truly one-of-a-kind jazz musician."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KBT', u"Don Van Vliet and his comrades (The Mascara Snake, Drumbo, etc.) are pretty strange, and sometimes this album might seem unlistenable, but there is so much going on here, and it's so brilliant, that this album, if you can stand it, is one of the most unforgettable of all time. The band members spent months in a small isolated house producing what to a passer-by might think of as stupid spontaneous crap, but a more alert ear will discover that there is a whole lot of different things going down on all these different levels, see... This album features some great poetry (The Dust Blows forward, ... ), great songwriting and protest songs (Dachau Blues, Veterans day Poppy), real cool grooves (Ella Guru) and just plain weird (and unforgettable) (Pena, The Blimp). Blending beat, surreal, and nonsense, although not for the faint of heart (it takes a few times through to start to appreciate it) this is a true classic of modern music."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KHN', u"I am now 36 years old.  Alice Cooper's Greatest Hits is the first album in my music collection that now totals between 400 and 500 titles.  I was about 12 years old at the time.  After all these years it is still one of my favorites.What sets Alice's music apart from the rest is that the lyrics have meaning.  &quot;I'm Eighteen&quot; reflected what I was going through at that age.  I  used to play &quot;School's Out&quot; very loud at the end of every school year, as an annual celebration.  Even today &quot;Elected&quot; reminds me of our current president.  Alice's lyrics capture society's moods and attitudes such that anyone can identify with almost any song on this album at some point in his or her life.There's a lot of good music out there but very little of it can actually invoke an emotional response or cause me to think like Alice Cooper's."))
(5.0, (u'B000001P38', u"Unlike a lot of Kenton discs which only feature the band, this album has a Kenton piano solo on every track.  His style is minimalistic, but on these (mostly) ballads, it works perfectly.  One of the most powerful, ballsy trumpet solos ever recorded is the one by John Harner on SEND IN THE CLOWNS.  This album contains some of Kenton's best (popular) Big Band arrangements, played around colleges everywhere, including his classic Bill Holman arrangement of RHAPSODY IN BLUE, and Ken Hanna's arrangement of BODY AND SOUL.  This disc is one for all Big Band archives.  The fidelity of this CD Remaster is very good."))
(5.0, (u'B0000026AY', u"This is one wild session.  Recorded live in the studio (I'm guessing mid sixties) after the band had been on the road. A small coterie of Ellington nuts just happened to show up to hear one of Duke's most creative performances. Guest artists include Dizzy Gillespie, Jimmy Rushing, Ray Nance, Clark Terry along with regulars Cat Anderson, Johnny Hodges, etc. and nine, count them nine percussionists! Vibraphonists, xylophonists, marimbaists and a glockenspiel.The first side of this album is played as a suite each tune blending with the next.Underrated clarinetist Jimmy Hamilton wails on  &quot;Red Shoes&quot; adding that great personal touch Duke's groups are known for. The sax section lays down a groove for &quot;Butter&quot; Jackson's and Ray Nance's raw plunger solos, a style rarely used these days.  The finale to the suite is called &quot;Ready, Go!&quot;  and features the indefatigable Paul Gonsalves in one of the stellar performances of his career.Dizzy delivers a fine muted then open solo on &quot;Upper Manhattan Medical Group&quot;,  and Johnny Hodges takes on &quot;All Of Me&quot; next and nails it beautifully.  The most avant garde selection follows. &quot;Tymperturbably Blue&quot; features (what else) nine tympani with a commanding ensemble puntuating this furtive and dark melody with occasional stabs from the screaming trumpet section.Pianist Jimmy Jones plays an adroit intro to &quot;Hello Little Girl&quot; a blues for which Jimmy Rushing is well suited.  Dizzy plays on this and drummer Sam Woodyard propels Rushing with well placed bass drum &quot;bombs&quot;.This CD has a lot to offer the &quot;intellectual&quot; jazz listener, but if hearing this session doesn't want to make you get up and dance around the living room I recomend therapy.  A desert island pick for sure."))
(5.0, (u'B00000273K', u"When I first heard this album, I had to listen to it three or four times before I could listen to any other.  The range that is expressed here is probably unparalleled in anything that he has done before or since.  The opening track explodes with an Arabian sound mixed with the lightning fast fusion of the mid 1970's.  Paired with his old band mate Chick Corea in &quot;Tango For Two&quot;, the two weave an acoustic splendor with a crystal clear Latin punch.  And there could be no other name for &quot;Dinner Music Of The Gods&quot;, a big rumbling piece with plenty of fast rifs and bass drum action."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062GK', u"If it's possible to restrain yourself into buying only one Satriani studio album, this is the one to get. The album shows off his style masterfully, and is his most mature effort to date. Train of Angels is fantastic, and the solo in the middle of Crystal Planet is breathtaking. Ceremony is another standout track. By the way, don't miss this guy in concert - he is a phenomenal performer, and sounds just as good (if not better) live as he does on the CD. His other recent release - G3 Live in Concert - proves my point. Now more than ever, Joe's work is enjoyable to all fans of guitar rock, not just die-hard guitar enthusiasts."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062I9', u"This was the first Cindy Morgan I had heard.  It is soulful and deeply touching.  She was clearly inspired by her visit to the Holy Land and every song on this album is representative of true faith in our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.  The music is the best I've heard and the lyrics are right on.  Don't miss this work.  The cadence is masterful beginning with the spritely &quot;In The Garden&quot;, building with &quot;Devil Man&quot; and peaking with &quot;Take My Life&quot; - a theme song for all Christians stating our purpose clearly.  This is a fulfillment of the Christian ministry."))
(5.0, (u'B000006ED1', u"Blind Guardian, the brilliant German Metal band, have created a true masterpiece with this album. 100% about J. R. R. Tolkien's &quot;The Silmarillion&quot;, the album is, like the book, very emotional and sad, yet powerful and glorious. Here you'll hear songs about Ungoliant and Morgoth, about Feanor's crimes and curse, about the elves' battles against Morgoth... the lyrics are excellent, very powerful and sad, most of them being from characters speaking in the first person, instead of a narrator talking about them. This is IMHO easily the best album of 1998, and one of the most amazing I've heard in all my life. Try it if you like Tolkien, or good music. If you don't like Metal, don't worry... buy it anyway. Trust me."))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u'Well, for all you fans that think you know what the Smashing Pumpkins style sounds like, think again.  The Pumpkins have decided to go in a whole new direction in this album, and to be honest, I think it was a very good move for them.  It is a very experimental album and it flows very well.  I personally think it is some of their best works.  I admit I miss the grinding guitars and screeching voice of Billy Corgan, but if this is just a small taste of the wonderful music capabilities of The Smashing Pumpkins, then we are in for a treat.  Here is to many more Pumpkins albums!'))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"Have you ever wondered what the limits of creativity are?  If so, don't ask Billy Corgan.  He knows no limitations.  _Adore_ is one of the most spectacular works of art ever produced.  I couldn't imagine how they could top _Mellon Collie_; that album was so diverse, so vast in acoustic/stylistic scope that I really didn't expect anything better, ever.  Corgan talked about bringing in more synthesizers on _Adore_, but I didn't think there would be much more to it than that.  I didn't think it would be anything except the &quot;change&quot; he was looking for--a regression, perhaps, to Industrial music or, worse, '80s synth-sounds.  But, man, was I ever wrong!  _Adore_ transcends all expectations and conceptualizations.  It takes a quantum leap in a new direction--bypassing any reasonable semblance of progression or gradual evolution.  As Corgan says in the July '98 _Guitar World_, it is as though SP compressed five years of potential evolution into two or three; which for a band only ten years old is no small feat.  And that, my friends, is the definition of creativity--something that _Adore_ is just brimming with.  From the semi-soft, soul-soaring &quot;To Sheila,&quot; &quot;For Martha,&quot; and &quot;Blank Page,&quot; to the real rawkers &quot;Appels + Oranjes,&quot; &quot;Perfect,&quot; and &quot;Pug&quot;--this album strikes at a level that no amount of expectations and idle conceptualizations could ever contrive.  It strikes at the deepest level that true art ever can: the heart of the human spirit.  And if you think I'm cloying it over here, gushing up the album ad nauseum, you obviously haven't really listened to it, have you?"))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"Everything they've done has been constantly changing, Gish's quiet growls into Siamese Dream's roar into Pieces Iscariot's purr.  Then we have Mellon Collie which combined every sound they'd ever tried into an epic--and it carried into Aeroplane Flies High!  Songs like Sweet Sweet and Daydream totally lead toward what they've just produced.  Adore is a great album worthy of The Smashing Pumpkins name.  Goddammit! Don't you see!?!As a band they are genius in that they can make any song sound better than it did before--this is due to the effort they put into the studio.  Also this new album, Adore, only gets better the louder you play it, confining it to headphones steals it's beauty from everyone else.  They are still a Rock Band, oh yes, one that is content to change--they've changed before and it worked so why stop?Some of the Pumpkins most experimental songs are their best, Annie Dog is an amazing  piano crawl and lyrical tale of pain and death and rebirth!It's one of the most powerful albums they've put together, crank it up!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006R8P', u"In this age when bands are compromising lyrically to 'reach out' to a general audience hats off to Delirious? for making an inspiring album that does not compromise, in any way, about its message of the cross but at the same time is up among any band that plays today, secular or Christian. The music and the lyrics are awesome and I believe people from all walks of life, especially teens, will identify with it. I had heard their double CD compilation 'Cutting Edge' and was eagerly awaiting this one. If you're looking for some excellent music get to the nearest store and grab it as I highly recommend this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JAI', u"The experience of a first play of a new Rush album is one to which I look forward every few years. &quot;Test For Echo&quot; did not disappoint.&quot; A little less heavy tha the previous &quot;Counterparts,&quot; T4E is still an amazing listening experience. The play is, of course, precise and complex. The surprises come in the maturity and introsprctive nature of Neil Peart's lyrics. The author of techno-nightmares like &quot;The Body Electric&quot; and &quot;2112&quot; has tured to real human experiences and feelings. Peart reaches for poetry, as usual, and most often grasps it. The flashes of humor in somgs like &quot;Dog Years&quot; are a welcome relief from the serious tones. The other pleasant surprise, one for which Rush NEVER receive any credit, is melody. Especially with &quot;Driven,&quot; &quot;Totem&quot; &quot;Resist&quot; and &quot;Roll Away The Stone,&quot; the listener may well find him- or herself humming along. After over 20 years, Rush prove that one need play bubblegum to create a medley or two. Prog-rock loyalists may ber disappointed by the lack of 20-minute concept pieces, but anyone interested in the bands continued musical growth will be pleased. &quot;Test For Echo&quot; is a swift kick in the pants to those who think Rush has been irrelevant since &quot;Hemispheres.&quot; If you like to listen to music with your brain switch in the &quot;ON&quot; position, check this CD out."))
(5.0, (u'B000002I9H', u"You have to be a certain kind of person to enjoy Peter Gabriel II - you have to appreciate dark, sometimes disturbing music, filled with strange and highly contrasting sounds; and you have to be able to take in deep, allegorical, and often bizarre lyrics.  If you think this applies to you, Peter Gabriel's second album will probably affect you much more deeply than the average person.  Those certain people - those who really Feel music - may find this to be a truly incredible musical work.  Depending on who you are, certain songs may stick out in your mind after you hear them... and once you experience these songs, you may never forget them.  I won't lie - this album is Not for people who only like pop music, who only enjoy diving skin-deep into the musical world.  This album is for those who are willing to go a bit further.  This album is unusual from first song to last.  It opens with 'On The Air', a song introducing the recurring character of Mozo, who would reappear both on this album and on several others done by Gabriel through the years; this is followed by 'D.I.Y.', the closest thing to a hit that this album produced; 'Mother Of Voilence' has some extremely thoughtful lyrics, and was actually co-written by Peter's wife; 'A Wonderful Day In A One-Way World' is filled with social commentary, while 'White Shadow' has a very unique sound; 'Indigo' is somehow somber yet hopeful, and a favorite of many fans; 'Animal Magic' is unique and light for the album, while the highly contrasting 'Exposure' is perhaps the darkest track on the album.  Incidentally, this album was sort of a sister-album to Robert Fripp's 'Exposure', which featured a different version of the song; 'Flotsam and Jetsam' is probably my favorite song of all time, and has that certain ability to Affect me, and I know there are those of you out there who understand; 'Perspective' is one of the lightest songs on the album; and it finishes off with 'Home Sweet Home', which tells the sad story of a man who returns home from work to find ! that his wife had jumped out of a window with their child, killing both.  Truly, Peter Gabriel II is dark, yet myself and many others consider it to truly be a masterpiece."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IAX', u"This, the first of Gabriel's solo albums, is a must-have for any fan, and definitely  recommended for anybody interested in music that is quite unusual yet highly enjoyable.  Made in 1977, it is certainly much different from his hit album 'So', yet many fans consider it to be a lot better.  It has a distinct sound not to be found anywhere else - including Gabriel's other albums.  The album opens with 'Moribund the Burgermeister', one of the strangest tracks ever composed by Gabriel.  Following this, however, is the song 'Solsbury Hill' which is still considered to be one of his greatest songs, not to mention his trademark anthem.  Then comes 'Modern Love', a rock-n-roll song with a few twists.  The album also features 'Excuse Me', performed by a barbershop quartet; 'Humdrum', a great song with enigmatic lyrics; 'Slowburn' featuring some interesting intrumentals; 'Waiting For The Big One' an fun, old-fashined blues tune; 'Down The Dolce Vita' which features the London Symphony Orchestra; and finally, 'Here Comes The Flood' a deeply touching song that is another favorite among fans.  Though Gabriel went on to create many more albums, this was the first, and it marked the beginning of a new era of creativity and musical genius that was to come."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UXE', u"Aces is a great intro to Suzy, and also an excellent way to get a non-country listening friend into the genre.  It's not full of the typical C&amp;W brawl and drawl; her voice is crystal-pure and the lyrics thoughtful.  &quot;Outbound Plane&quot; and &quot;Music on  the Wind&quot; will get your toes tapping.  The rest of the songs are quieter; &quot;Part of Me&quot; talks about the reminders around us of our past loves, and &quot;Letting Go&quot; captures the essence of  young Freshmen leaving home for college.  And &quot;Let Goodbye Hurt&quot; packs the biggest wallop. Truer words were never spoken about ending a relatioship..."))
(5.0, (u'B00000B29P', u"well for starters i loooove the exceptions, they are my 1st love (in ska). and they rule. and if you like the blue meanies you'll love these guys. i 've looked for five finger discount for the longest time. when i finally got it i nearly lost my mind. i especially agree with their messages. &quot;mean ole malley&quot; seems like , to me, it talks about how cops are racist and they are constantly looking for a person that's NOT WHITE to beat down on. in another song  &quot;circles&quot; it talks about how &quot;in life there are circles, that we all must go around...&quot; if you just read the lyrics you'd understand what they mean and totaly agree with it. i highly doubt that there is someone out there that thinks life is sunshine and lollypops. but anyways definitely check this out, it'll blow your mind!"))
(5.0, (u'B000004CZ4', u"tango wedding band, hot stove jimmy, monsignors, greenhouse, pressure drop, eric blowtorch &amp; the revelator rhythm section, adjusters, deals gone bad, gadjits, eclectics, space heaters,articles!!! if you like any of these bands you'll want this cd. it has songs like monsignors &quot;jeff's maser poo&quot;, and deals gone bad &quot;up your a$$&quot;. every band on here is worth listening to and i garauntee you won't have any objections. another great band is eric blowtorch &amp; the revelator rhythm section (featuring danny dan &amp; shahanna) with their great mellow pick it up version of &quot;never divide&quot; and space heaters intrumental of &quot;run around sue&quot;. you will truely enjoy this cd better than any other skathic cd you own. it has great dancing music, so skank your hearts out!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005B00', u"Hello Everyone.  Go buy this CD right now!  The Daddies are an awesome swing group.  And as a listener of the swingers of olden times (Glenn Miller, Benny Goodman etc) I know what I'm talking about.  This CD is fresh and exciting and I've been humming Ding Dong Daddy of the D-Car Line all day.  The rhythm and the lyrics are infectious to say the least.  I think my favorite line of the whole CD is &quot;Who's your Daddy, Yes I am&quot;  You can't get any better than that. There are also some pretty heavy lyrics in Master and Slave, and Drunk Daddy, but this whole CD kicks some serious butt.  Finally we get to hear something different on the radio for a change, instead of the usual &quot;90s Music&quot;  This entire CD will have you doing the Cherrie Poppin' Daddies Strut for days.  Dig it Daddy!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005GYH', u"This album has many different takes of various tunes, giving you a good insight into the way that Thelonious Monk approached his work. The spare, rhythmic piano style that was his trademark shines through brightly... I love the various versions of April in Paris. Makes you realize how much people like Harry Connick have been influenced by Monk's brilliant style. If you think you have a &quot;good&quot; sense of rhythm and timing... then.. please try and hum some of the passages in this CD in the same timing as Thelonious... As BB king said.. sometimes it's more a question of knowing when NOT to play..  In Thelonious' case what made him truly special was his tremendous sense of phrasing and timing."))
(5.0, (u'B000000VFL', u"The &quot;Dreaming of You&quot; c.d. contains a variety of musical styles but surprisingly, it blends very well.  Selena seems to add her own touch of spice to each song, therein, producing the magic that has made her a star internationally.  The ballads are moving with Selena's soul-felt intrepretation. One of my personal favorites is the &quot;Wherever You Are&quot; duet with the Barrio Boyz. Though I speak no Spanish, I have learned all the words to &quot;Como La Flor&quot;, her signature song. Selena's untimely death has been met with so many of us discouraged such a gifted voice has been silenced.  I now have the majority of all the Selena music and am slowly acquiring more Latin music from other artists. If you enjoy great music, then &quot;Dreaming of You&quot; is an essential cd for your musical collection."))
(5.0, (u'B0000024UU', u"Possibly the most talented and well-read comedy troupes of all time, the Firesign Theatre was the only comedy group whose pricipal medium was record and radio.  Thus, their routines don't suffer the limitations of being translated from visual to audial.  How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere At All (1969) is a hilarious romp involving a used-car lot (&quot;Ralph Spoilsport Motors&quot;), a time-traveling automobile, a warped lesson in American history, an American president named Schicklgruber (Hitler's original surname), and Nick Danger: third eye (a Sam Spade/film noir satire).  It's difficult to describe the album any better than that.  This is an album that requires multiple listenings and a large amount knowledge of history and literature (James Joyce is liberally quoted).  I had to listen to it four or five times before I caught and/or understood the thing.  There is so much to enjoy on many different levels.  Unfortunately, it is the sole original Firesign Theatre album available on CD.  If you own a turntable, I highly recommend you search out other Firesign albums on vinyl, particularly Waiting for the Electrician or Someone Like Him (1968); Don't Crush That Dwarf, Hand Me the Pliers (1970); Everything You Know is Wrong (1974); In the Next World, You're on Your Own (1975); and Forward into the Past: A Firesign Anthology (1976).  Shoes for Industry!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GW3', u"How to describe 'Judith' to someone who has yet to encounter this classic recording? Perhaps the best tribute is that this is the album I turn to when I want to dream. I mean REALLY want to dream, like when you fall in love and want to allow yourself a little time to luxuriate in the perfect course of events that may come to pass. The best numbers, of course, are those written by Judy Collins herself - particularly 'The Moon's A Harsh Mistress', 'Song For Duke' and 'Houses'. Perfect orchestration, poetic lyrics and vocals you will want to marry. An album I could not live without."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GYZ', u'I still remember the first time I heard this album almost twenty years ago (and back then it still was an album).  I was just blown away by a range of emotions I thought I was too mature to experience through music - joy, love, sadness, heartbreak, happiness.  To listen to Harry put his heart and soul into &quot;A Better Place To Be&quot; still sends shivers up and down my spine.  There is nothing better than cruising down a highway with the windows down and bellowing along to Harry Chapin at the very top of your voice.  If you do not have this one buy it now.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001FEE', u'Definitely one of my desert island discs!  This is a wonderful concept album that I have treasured since it first came out in early 1978.  With an amazingly broad range of musical style and a vocal dynamism never matched by her contemporaries and all pop and dance music divas that followed her, with lush instrumentations and, shall I say, timeless dance beats---this album has captured my imagination and has given me an appreciation of dance music like no other.  This quintessential album of fantasy and escapism, infused with semi-autobiographical realism, was made at the height, or the beginning of the height, of the Moroder-Bellotte-Summer creativity.  In 1978, I envisioned myself listening to Side B ("Now I need you--Working the midnight shift--Queen for a day") ten or twenty years henceforth.  Sure enough, almost thirty years later, it is still a pleasure to listen to these tracks!  I consider this her signature work before she became big-time with "Last Dance", "Live and More", and "Bad Girls".  Even the striking cover photo says all about the beauty and the larger-than-life essence of Donna Summer, the talented artist!'))
(5.0, (u'B000002N47', u"More musically rich with more chances than &quot;Maybe you Should Drive&quot; with lyrics that stretch your sense of humor.  Some of the changes in musical style from their second CD I don't really care for (Spider in My Room and Stomach vs. Heart) but the one's I do like are superb, and more than make up for the one's I find lacking.  The Ballad &quot;When I fall&quot; is filled with great imagery.  &quot;Break your Heart&quot;, &quot;Call Me Calmly&quot; and especially &quot;The Old Apartment&quot; exercise good humor with the lyrics that are fun and stray from center.  Overall this is a fine CD and I wish to go back and get &quot;Gordon&quot; to complete the collection.  A good group and a great CD; very pleased to own it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BD4', u"This is a great cd to listen to when you are stuck in rush hour traffic and you need something to take you somewhere else. The lyrics in songs such as &quot;Are We Afraid, So Alive, and All Right&quot; are emotional tunes that have a different meaning for each listener.  And then you have a good dose of humor to boot with &quot;Hobbit On The Rocks and Janitor&quot;.  When you consider that this cd is basically a collection of songs that were left off other cds for one reason or another, it's really amazing that it turned out so enjoyable.  My favorite song on the cd is &quot;All Right&quot;.  I love the way it starts out real quiet and slow and gradually builds in intensity and then slowly fades in the end. It gives me chill bumps."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VYP', u"Once I heard Bhatt and Shaheen play together in 1997, my first priority became the aquisition of an album of their music. I was not disappointed.  Saltanah begins with a few gracefully played notes on Simon Shaheen's 'ud (a middle-eastern lute), gradually and then rapidly developing into a complex series of melodic skip and jumps, beautiful ornamentations and general brilliance of expression. This is followed shortly by the counter voice of Bhatt's Mohan Vina (a hybrid of the slide guitar and the sitar), and from there the album travels in directions never before explored in the history of music.  These two musicians, accompanied by Ronu Majumdar on the bansuri (a bamboo flute) and Sangeeta Shankar on Hindustani violin, are brilliant masters of their instruments, forming melodies which are at once complex and beautiful enough to be enjoyed even by western listeners who have never heard music from either of the traditions represented.  Since both Arab and Indian art music are improvisational in nature, one has to wonder at the connection these two musicians must have in order to produce such a wonderful set of musical creations without rehearsal or even early takes. If I had not seen it myself, I would not have believed that they were not reading music from a sheet."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WEA', u'I have been a long time fan of John Denver and own everyone of his albums including some of his work when he was a member of the Mitchel trio.  When CDs came out I thought great now I can get a quality recording of &quot;An Evening With John Denver&quot;.  When I found it in the music store I noticed the CD version was a shortened version of the album. The one song not found on any of his other albums (&quot;Today&quot;) except &quot;An Evening with.....&quot; was the song they decided to omit from the CD version.  I bought the CD anyway but needless to say I was disapointed.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002OQ1', u"Nanci Griffith is an undiscovered country/folk gem. Her voice is as sweet as a honeydew, and she makes you think, even as she's lulling you with a silky melody. MCA Years covers a lot of ground, 18 excellent songs that span most of her career. She sings mostly of the joys and heartaches of the Texas farmland, and of loves remembered, found and lost.  But there is never any bitterness, or rancor.  You can almost see her half-cocked smile, even as she's making us reach for a hanky or two. &quot;Trouble in the Fields,&quot; and &quot;It's a hard life wherever you go&quot; are standouts.  &quot;Late Nite Grand Hotel&quot; is eerily familiar without feeling like a rehash, and &quot;Just Another Morning Here&quot; is spiced with pinches of salt and irony. This is a must have for anyone who likes their country a little different, or is a Nanci  completist."))
(5.0, (u'B000003NP3', u"Los Straitjackets, a &quot;surf band&quot; which hails from Nashville, (known for its surf, of course) has recorded an album which recalls the guitar greats such as Dick Dale, The Ventures, The Fireballs, Link Wray, Duane Eddy and others who caused hundreds of thousands of kids with electric guitars to sit at their record players with their ears pressed to the loudspeakers and play the records over and over to get that lick just right.  Although the sounds are familiar, the tunes are original, written by one or more of the four band members.  Los Straightjackets consists of Eddie Angel, guitar; Danny Amis, guitar; E. Scott Esbeck, bass; and L.J. &quot;Jimmy&quot; Lester, drums. On these recordings, the band has made an excellent effort in keeping its sound clean; no fuzz boxes, distortion boxes or wah-wah pedals for these guys. Instead, Los Straitjackets concentrate on producing the &quot;Fender sound&quot; (named after the brand of guitar and bass and amplifier which produced this unique and often-copied sound) with nothing more than reverberation, tremolo, and an occasional use of the guitar's &quot;whammy bar.&quot;  Look elsewhere for your modulated thirds and augmented fifths.  This is rock'n'roll!  Three, maybe four chords at most, with a modulation to another key now and then, nothing earthshaking.  But the music moves!  This is a well-produced fun album,  recorded by musicians who understand the genre and have made it their own.  See them on tour, too. Check their web page.  But first, buy their album!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003ZWM', u'Billy Harper, in my estimation is very much under rated. He is, in my humble opinion, the heir apparent to the John Coltrane legacy. He embodies the Coltrane spirit in the same way that Pharoh Sanders does, but Harper can also play the tenor. Additionally, as the listener will discover on this album, he is not a Coltrane mimic; he takes off where Trane left off, blazing his own independent trail. And what an interesting trail it is, indeed. I am just sorry we do not see more of him. I caught him once in DC. And then he seemed to have been trying to produce and promote himself in the same way that Sonny Rollins has done. I suppose that is why so little of him is seen. However, anyone who wants to know what the possibilities are for the post-Coltrane era, need go no further. Harper is your man.While I like everything on this cut, my all time favorite of Harper\'s tunes is his "Love on the Sudan," which was produced in Japan and is difficult to find in the States. Anyone who has a copy or know where I can get one please leave me a comment with this review.Here Harper extends the post-Coltrane idiom with a comfort and with groups with the same "tightness" that cinches him as Coltrane\'s heir apparent.  This music and this group is "Tight" with a capital "T".  It is spiritual, intense, intellectual, enjoyable and recognizable as extending an important genre.Ten Stars'))
(5.0, (u'B000005NNR', u"Well its about time we see a collection from this great pop band. If you liked Heart and Soul and wondered what ever happened to that catchy british group well wonder no more. T'pau had several other big hits in Europe just as great as Heart and soul and they are all here in one collection with liner notes by Carol Decker (lead singer). If you picked up the first album in 1987 and liked it then you will most likely like the rest of the songs on this long collection. You get your moneys worth. It includes China in Your Hands, Secret Garden, Only a Hearbeat, and many more. This has the same track listing as the import with two more songs. Only complaint is there are not b sides. Virgin is a stingy record company! Long live the 80's!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005YVL', u"John Hartford makes traditional music HIS. He's done that all his life. Speed of the Old Long Bow shows us once again that John can take old-time music and pump new life into it. That's what music, especially &quot;folk&quot; music is supposed to be about. Never static, always growing as each player puts his mark on it, and then passes it on. John has always played with the best pickers, this CD is no exception. Excellent picking abounds. It's like sitting in John's living room with friends and lettin' it rip. You will no be let down on any track. If you're a fiddler, just try and keep up!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000E3J', u"International pop album of the year! Beautifully-sung Indian (Hindi) movie hits, by the London-born Najma Akhtar (Led Zep friend), backed up by western musicians playing Asian and western instruments. Production values are top-notch. Najma has a luminous, shimmering voice. Songs are bouncy, tunes are catchy -- don't worry that you don't understand Hindi -- the music will take you away! Not your usual classical sitar stuff, this has a beat. Some of the original films  were knockoffs of American spy movies, and you will hear some echoes of this in the music. The only downside is a couple of tracks where the band members attempt to sing backup vocals in Hindi. Sweetest love song: the catchy &quot;Aaj Madosh...&quot;. If you like this one, try Najma's &quot;Pukar&quot; (Calling you)."))
(5.0, (u'B000000LX3', u"Mary Black has delivered a breathtaking CD for 1993. This CD has a more accuistic feel to it, a good follow up to Babes In The Woods. Mary chooses songs by Sandy Denny, John Gorka, Noel Brazil and Thom Moore just to name a few. I feel her song selection on this album is better then her previous efforts and with By The Time It Gets Dark can be counted as her best two albums. Mary's opening track is Noel Brazils Summer Sent You, a happy love song, she closes with a chilling song about a marriage gone bad in Poison Words. The line that sums it up is &quot;I remember when we were sweethhears I was safe with you, you were my protector. Those days are oer, now I need someone, someone to keep me safe from you... Mary also includes great versions of Sandy Denny's One Way Donkey Ride, and John Gorkas Treasure Island. There are two songs called the Holy Ground, one is traditional and my other favorites are Flesh and Blood and Dockland, two upbeat number. For the best in singers who choose great songs you can always count on Mary Black and Maura O'Connell. Run out and buy this! Joe Benson"))
(5.0, (u'B000001M1B', u"I bought this CD for a Christmas present for a friend. Neither one of us have seen the movie, but had heard through reviews how this musical is so very different than anything we've ever heard. And I can attest, it truly is! Whenever I listen to the soundtrack, I feel the overall beat of the music grab my soul, and hangs on, as if to tell me that this is where life begins, and that the the future is promising to those who are brave and face life head on. This is truly a musical experience, if you allow it touch more than your ears."))
(5.0, (u'B000001NPQ', u"This Chronogical Classics CD has the best and largest collection of Blanche Calloway's recordings available. Blanche Calloway was the first female bandleader of an all-male band. Like her younger brother Cab Calloway, Blanche was a high-energy performer with a compelling vocal style. She was rougher and wilder than Cab, and her subject matter was raunchier than Cab's tended to be. She is one of our favorite jazz/blues vocalists/bandleaders. She has such a powerful presence that when we play this CD, we feel as if she is right there in the room with us.Blanche deserves more recognition than she gets!  This CD includes excellent liner notes and a couple of beautiful photographs of Blanche. It also happens to include the earliest recordings of Ben Webster.  You can find more Blanche Calloway and also more Billy Massey (her male vocalist) on the Andy Kirk (1929-1931) Chronogical Classics CD."))
(5.0, (u'B00000261X', u"When I picked up this CD, I thought that 'Primitive Love' would be her first. Until I've heard of 'Eyes Of Innocence', I was wrong. Indeed, this is the first set of Estefan's engish dubbed songs after her Spanish recordings. This album has all the synth-pop, dance music you can handle. Who can ever forget the song &quot;Dr. Beat&quot;? Very pure dance music right there, so are &quot;I Need A Man&quot; and &quot;Prisoner Of Love&quot;. Besides those, there's &quot;OK&quot; with an upbeat 50's doo-wop style. For some good time songs, try listening to &quot;Orange Express&quot;, &quot;Eyes Of Innocence&quot; and &quot;Do You Want To Dance&quot;. And for the love song department, try these slow movers &quot;Love Me&quot;, &quot;When Someone Comes Into Your Life&quot; and &quot;I Need Your Love&quot;. With a great '84 sound, this is worth spicing up your party. Take it from me, if you think that 'Primitive Love' was her first, try this CD out first, and you'll hear what I mean."))
(5.0, (u'B0000026UY', u"Paul Revere and the Raiders first entered our national lives back in the 1960s as the &quot;house band&quot; on an afternoon program called &quot;Where the Action Is&quot;. But when the mail started coming in, the show's creator Dick Clark realized he had more than just a fill-in group! He had stars! This CD showcases the music from the beginnings of the band (&quot;Beatnik Sticks&quot;, &quot;Like Longhair&quot;) up until their last great hit &quot;Indian Reservation&quot; and beyond.  As a listener, I found myself longing for those party days of the early 60s when these guys donned the colonial uniforms for the fun of it and tore the house down at northwest clubs and dances. You'll be dancing too as you listen to all their great hits, some of their great &quot;cover&quot; songs, commercials and instrumentals that you did not realize were Paul Revere and the Raiders.  Enjoy!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002872', u'This CD inspired me to see the US, to drive out west. And I did, with a copy of this CD in my tape player. It is a comming of age experience for those who are comming into a new age in their life and looking for some higher meaning....You may have heard of the Indigo Girls, but this is the Indigo Girls you should hear! Peace Amy and Emily, you changed my life!  ALSO VH1, Lets make them artist of the month and play their videos more often, I mean you go on about them with your lillith fair coverage, but you give them no play time or special. GET ON THE BALL VH-1.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002879', u"&quot;Come on Come on&quot; is a stellar album by Mary Chapin Carpenter.  Always an artist to give us country with above-average intelligence and energy, she shines brightest here.  The title track is less than inspiring, but there are some great tunes, many of which have gotten some serious radio play.  Of that set, &quot;He Thinks He'll Keep Her&quot; is my favorite - it's a fast-moving song, that also works as a pointed reminder to men who take their wives for granted.  &quot;Passionate Kisses&quot; is  cute, and &quot;I'll take my chances&quot; is a slightly sultry tale of a woman determinted to carve out her own fate.  One song, however, deserved to get radio play, and didn't.  &quot;Only a Dream,&quot; chronicles the love between a brother as they grow up.  The song's  meaning goes beyond the familial, and deals poignantly with the themes of love, loss and moving on."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062GR', u"This album shows once again that Cantrell is a talented guitarist and song writer, but it also gives us a better glimpse of his singing ability as well. In the six albums turned out by his band Alice In Chains, Cantrell's backing vocals were a key element to their sound. On this one, he takes center stage all to himself and turns out a magnificent performance yet again. Though the other members of Alice In Chains are undeniebly talented, Cantrell has just proven to me that regardless of what happens to the band in the future, Jerry will be here entertaining us all for a lot of years to come. A great CD with great tunes, especially the stellar track &quot;Breaks my Back.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"Sure, the other albums had their serious moments, and there are moments of sweetness and light on Before These Crowded Streets, but overall the impression is darker, more serious, slightly more experimental.  Since I tend to be a slightly serious person to begin with, the atmosphere drew me in immediately.  It took me a few listens to &quot;get&quot; this album, but now I think it just might be their best effort to date.  And I know, from past experience, that the longer it takes me to &quot;get&quot; an album, to fully integrate its parts into my musical landscape, the more enduring it turns out to be.  As for the songs being long -- well, that's a *good* thing when the band is as talented and the songwriting as solid as it is on this album. (And I was pleasantly surprised by Alanis Morissette's contribution on &quot;Spoon&quot;; I mistook her for Sarah McLachlan for a moment.)"))
(5.0, (u'B000006T5V', u"IMPORTANT: If you have happened to have stumbled across this CD &quot;Shakespeare my Butt&quot; by Lowest of the Low do not just discard it as some other CD you have never heard of. This entire disc contains an array of lyrical mastery supported by catchy hooks and outstanding melodies. This is one of those discs that you can listen to from start to finish with out ever thinking of skipping ahead to the next track, and if your guilty of over-playing your favorite track untill you're sick of it, not to worry, you're shure to find another on this CD. It seems to cover an array of musical generas which all seem to fit together nicely, each track playing a distinctly different role. Lowest of the low are no longer around as a group and this CD is out of print, so take a chance on this pop masterpiece, and I'll be waiting for your thanks via E-mail."))
(5.0, (u'B000WTTC5I', u"If you are not a diehard Rush fan, Chronicles is an excellent greatest hits collection for you.  Rush picks two songs from each of its studio albums, and adds one song from each of its live albums.  The inclusion of the live &quot;A Passage to Bangkok&quot;, which is strangely left off the CD version of &quot;Exit Stage Left&quot;, is especially pleasing to Rush fans.  Also, the picks from each album are, arguably, very well made, and having mid-80's hits like &quot;Big Money&quot; and &quot;Time Standstill&quot; can keep you from purchasing some of those weak post-&quot;Signals&quot; albums.  A great way to start your Rush CD collection, and to see which eras you like best."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JKA', u'First of all, what is up with the Amazon review? Not even a review but rather an attack on prog metal by someone who seems to think that AC-DC (no offense, I love AC-DC) is the mold from which all metal should be cut. Well...listen to &quot;Space Dye Vest&quot; and then tell me that it is too &quot;heady&quot; and not emotional enough...yah, whatever. Dream Theater has proved with songs such as Space Dye Vest, Change of Seasons, Metropolis Part 1, etc, that music can be long, complex, intellectual but still emotional and accessible.If you are looking for a group that sings &quot;ooh...baby..I need you so much&quot; or some other cookie cutter pre-fab faux emotional garbage this is not for you. If you are looking for an album with a good variety and genuine feeling buy this as well as &quot;images and words&quot; and &quot;A change of seasons&quot;'))
(5.0, (u'B000002HQY', u"This album takes fans on a journey through the years of Jackson Browne's evolution.  Both in terms of music and life.  It was great to hear his first hit, &quot;Doctor My Eyes&quot; sound better than I have heard it before with a cleaned up track.  It was almost like hearing for the first time.  A surprise to me was to find &quot;Call It A Loan&quot; on a greatest hits list.  I read where Jackson considers this record a real &quot;record&quot; of HIS greatest hits and not the fans.  A refreshing approach. A plus is also &quot;Somebody's Baby&quot;, which to my knowledge, has not been included on any other CD.  The two &quot;new&quot; tracks are something special.  &quot;The Rebel Jesus&quot;, featuring long time friend David Lindley on viola, has a hauntingly Irish feel with Jackson wearing his feelings right on his lyrical sleeve.  &quot;The Next Voice You Hear&quot;, a funky feeling chart featuring trumpter Jon Hassell soloing, has deeper meanings that we all can relate to and interpret to fit our own lives.  A trademark of the deep and meaning lyrics Jackson Browne is known for.  Both tracks are absolutely superb  recordings and come through crystal clear.This album is a must for any long time Jackson fan or someone that wants to find what they have been missing for the last twenty five years."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UJQ', u"The only two words I can use to describe this inovative alubm is simply brilliant. I'll go as bold to say it is the best album I have ever listened to. Please don't hit me, yes better then any of the Beatles albums;White Alubm,Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road. I'm a huge of the beatles,so that's saying alot. I've had this C.D. since it's release last summer, and it hasn't left my C.D. player once. This masterpiece gets better and better each listening, no kidding. There's not one bad song on this album and every song is vital as this album sways you along on a 60 minute emotional journey that has you asking for more. This album is MUST add to anyone's C.D. collection. O.K. Computer is not just music album, it's an experience."))
(5.0, (u'B000005B0U', u"Dan Aykroyd is to be congratulated yet again. Whilst Dan is not the worlds greatest vocalist by any stretch of the imagination, the Blues Brothers band is a showband with some of the greatestever blues session musicians (and songwriters when you include the likes of Steve Cropper). It is no wonder that the likes of Ray Charles, James Brown, Cab Calloway, Sam Cooke, and Aretha Franklin were happy to participate in the recording of both soundtracks.  The Blues Brothers have brought Rhythm &amp; Blues kicking and screaming into mainstream music. On this album, Funky Nassau, and Turn on your lovelight are great examples of what Dan Aykroyd's Blues Brothers Showband is all about. Keep an eye on &quot;Maybe I'm Wrong&quot; by Blues Traveller - He's Good."))
(5.0, (u'6304039565', u"It's hard to categorize this movie.  You'd expect horror from William Peter Blatty, the man who gave us unforgettable scares (and new uses for pea soup) in the Exorcist.  But nothing is what it seems to be in this film. Ninth Configuration takes place in an imported European castle nestled deep in the Pacific  Northwest.  In it are housed an interesting group of inmates: high-ranking military officers, and one astronaut, who are all suffering from inexplicable mental disorders.  They are isolated, and given unconventional therapies in an attempt to  determine if they are truly ill, or merely slacking. Since nothing seems to work, a new head shrink is called in.  His name:  Kane, played by a wonderfully stoic Stacy Keach.  He immediately makes an impression on the inmates, truly listening to them, and in some cases indulging their whims.  But there are undercurrents here; Kane seems to have a past, which figures into the development of the story, and ultimately, the ending. What makes this movie so fun to watch is the excellent acting, mostly from genre actors, such as Joe Spinell. The dialogue is clever, and the movie actually makes you THINK.  There's a lot of talk about good and evil, and the hows and whys of man's existence. All in all, a great movie well worth getting.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002N74', u"A masterpiece beyond time and space, Dead Can Dance's latest album, Spiritchaser, transcends the mundane boundaries of the tired popular music scene to bring us a vision of surreal power and spiritual beauty. Incorporating both ancient tribal rhythm and modern instrumentation, the sounds on Spiritchaser sends the listener down the Amazon and through the Nile, across the spectral realms of Ancient America, and at times, out beyond the stars. Haunting, powerful and deeply entrancing, here is an album that every lover of music should own. Soothing, yet intense; melancholy, yet uplifting, here is an album that has appeal for the many without ever selling out to the masses. Having worked at a outlet that sold world imports, I can state this as a fact, as I've played this album there countless times. I may have sent out 100 people to buy it. Men and women both young and old of African, Native American, Indian, Middle Eastern, Hispanic or typical middle American descent, when hearing the music of Spiritchaser, expressed a deep and longing interest to find out who this amazing band is and where they could buy it. This is the effect that Dead Can Dance produces in its listeners. I have yet to tire of their music on this album or on any other. Neither will you. Lisa Gerrard and Brendan Perry will go down in the music history books as both innovators and geniuses for bringing back to us the sound of an ancient world presented in a new and exciting light, and for making a darkened modern world a whole lot brighter and pleasant to live in."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NAC', u"In typical yellowjackets fashion, Blue Hats takes the listener on a surprise journey of what seems like mainstream pop/jazz, but what is really much more well-crafted than the usual fare. The album mixes relatively easy-listening tunes with a few hard-driving ones where both Ferrante and Mintzer are able to branch out. Russel Ferrante's piano improvisations are at once sparse and lucid-his use of space allows his melodic genius to be appreciated by the attentive listener. Bob Mintzer is a marvelously talented reed man. His playing ranges from the mellowest of tones in a ballad-like setting to the power and intensity of his tenor and bass clarinet improvisations, showcasing his dynamic range and harmonic cleverness. Kennedy and Haslip are two talented players that create the undercurrent without which the group could not shine. Just when you think Yellowjackets have gone to a cheezy commercial sound, they completely surprise you with a power piece in the tradition of Coltrane or McCoy Tyner. For diversity of musical ideas, Yellowjackets continue to delight not just with the first listening, but with repeated ones when one hears more and different aspects of their total sound. Blue Hats is a very tight and not over-produced album, and though their style must fit under the jazz umbrella, it is really much broader and more diverse in its musicality, making Yellowjackets a more creative and eclectic group than most can appreciate."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BHX', u"Amanda Marshall and producer David Tyson have created a gem of an album with this debut release.  Frustrated by the mass exodus of musicians to the alternative sound, I stumbled on this album by sheer luck.  But luck had nothing to do with the production of this incredible masterpiece of rock music.  Marshall's voice is soft yet powerful and the music echoes with the rhythms of both blues and country.  The mix of these two elements forges a unique and emotionally charged sound that is unparalleled.  Don't let Marshall's lack of airplay and industry popularity steer you away from this one.  It's one of the best I've ever heard."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BS2', u"The Indigo Girls have been building up to this record for years. Rock has always been a part of their &quot;self description&quot; as a band. The Beatles and U2 have evolved their work into something new. EVERY ARTIST SHOULD! This is a Great CD! &quot;Don't Give That Girl A Gun&quot; is one of Amy's best songs and &quot;Leeds&quot; is one of Emily's best. For people who want to keep the Indigo Girls in a box, then I think they missed the point of most of what they have to say. These are women on a journey, and the end result it growth. This is a find CD and a logical direction from where they came."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BYD', u"I first heard Pearl Jam/yeild on the radio, and I instantly fell in love.  I was so desperate to get this CD that I rode my BIKE to the cd store.  Beautiful music.  I really like other pearl jam, including vitalogy, vs., ten, and the single yellow ledbetter, which is my #1 favorite song out of any artist.  Every time I hear the brain of J., in hiding, low light, wishlist, do the evolution, or all those yesterdays, I feel like I'm in heaven.  And the best thing about it is how obviously displayed all the contrast and team effort put in to it was.  The best pearl jam since vs.P.S.  Simply wonderful."))
(5.0, (u'B000005J7L', u"I just bought this album three weeks ago and already I purchased the first album and just tonight saw them in concert at the Odeon in Cleveland, OH.  The first song I heard was &quot;I'll be&quot; which is getting quite a bit of airtime.  Despite the airtime, I still had to go two three stores to find this CD.  I am glad I did, &quot;I'll be&quot; is just one the many songs I enjoy.  My favorite is Cleveland Park.  &quot;How strange is Seems&quot; is a Bluesy tune that shows off Edwins ablities to change gears from the Pop/Rock ballads to the Blues.  This guy has some voice! Can't wait for the next CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ONP', u"If you are an old fan of King Crimson (as I am), you probably have searched for bootlegs of all the concerts you missed of the relatively rare occasions of the group touring.  I saw King Crimson 5 times live, and as good as the group is in the studio (in all of Crimsons's incarnations), the sheer energy and vivacity of the group in concert can only be glimpsed at in studio recordings.  In other words, King Crimson live was usually overwhelming and always made me want for more.However, the group's older live recording - Live in the USA - was technically a disaster and left me more annoyed than happy:  that is why the B'Boom Official Bootleg is such a joy.  The quality of the recordings is excellent, taken off the main master board to DAT:  as a result, what you hear here is nothing less than what the main mixer listened to.  There are occasional weaknesses, of drums receding into the background a bit, but in general, the quality of the recordings in exemplary.But that says nothing of the music itself:  here we hear a new incarnation of the Crimson that reminds me of nothing less than the very first incarnation.  The overwhelming power of the percussion of B'Boom, the sheer controlled frenzy of VROOOM awaken for me the same reaction as the first time I heard 21st Century Schizoid Man:  goose pimples and the desire for the frenzy to never end.It is the perfect easy listening music to drive to work with:  that is, if you drive an hour to work at 150 mph on the Autobahn."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KDU', u'One interesting piece of trivia concerning Walter/Wendy Carlos was that he/she was undergoing his/her sex-change treatment during the recording of the &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot; soundtrack. The trauma of this procedure is highly evident in the music.  What I really want is the original Walter Carlos soundtrack in its entirety! This record album was a separate release that contained all of the synthesizer tracks created for the movie &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;. The soundtrack used short clips only. I owned 3 copies of the record album but lost all of them to a burglar! Please help me find a copy of this record or CD! I think it was released on Columbia but is now out of print. It would make a great project for digital remastering...HINT HINT....'))
(5.0, (u'B000002KIE', u"This jagged, mean-spirited little album still is awe-inspiring as a scathing work of rock 'n' roll 20 years after it was released. Sure ... it was abrasive, but you'd still find few albums that have songs as memorable as &quot;God Save the Queen, &quot;Pretty Vacant,&quot; &quot;Bodies,&quot; &quot;Anarchy In the U.K.&quot; and &quot;Holidays In the Sun.&quot; A lot of attention was given to the self-destructive cretin that was bassist Sid Vicious. But what made the Sex Pistols produce a bang that was heard around the world was Paul Cook's thudding drums, Steve Jones' monstrously huge guitar sound and Johnny Rotten's spitting, scraping vocals. The Pistols made rock 'n' roll scary and fun again -- which is the highest praise I can give."))
(5.0, (u'B000001UXX', u'First a disclaimer. I think the London concert is just as good as this CD and should be reviewed as one. So I have to say that you must have both. Anyway Betty is a vibrant performer live. If find some of the same songs that she records on her studio albums pale in comparasion to her live performence. This albums opens with a medley of Hello Young Lover and Almost like Being in Love.  She includes stadards such as As Time Goes By and Some Enchanted Evening and contemparary songs such as Mary Chapin Carpenters Come on Come on and Billy Joels And So It Goes. When Betty sings sondhiem it is pure heaven (Somethings Coming, Now You Know, Every Day a Little Death)and she blows the house away with Roses Turn and Pirate Jenny. She may offer the difinitive version of As if We Never Said Goodbye (come close to rivaling Patti Lupone) and her version of With One Look is not as good as the London concert. I only say that because she holds the note longer at the end of the London Concert I think 10 seconds! If that matter to you. She close with Seasons of Love from Rent and Build My House from Peter Pan. It is too bad that this was not issued as a double CD so we could have had the whole show and dialog. All talking has been cut from both concert CDs. As a added bonus partial proceed go the Broadway Cares Equity Fights Aids. By the way Bernadettes new Live album also recorded at Carnigie Hall for the same foundation also goes to the same fund. And is another great show full of Sondhiem tunes!  Joe Benson'))
(5.0, (u'B0000064U0', u"&quot;Drippin Wet&quot; from the Wet Willie Band has finally been released on CD. This is one of the best live albums ever recorded, and it has been digitally remastered from the original tapes, and features the original artwork and packaging. Recorded at the Warehouse in New Orleans on December 31, 1972 (You can hear vocalist Jimmy Hall wish everyone &quot;Happy New Year&quot;), this recording captures Wet Willie at their best, delivering funky rockin' blues in front of a live audience. The sound of the CD is fantastic, though my only reference has been a 15 year old cassette made from a scratchy LP.  Five Stars.....Essential Listening..... Personel: Jimmy Hall:  Lead vocals, harmonica, sax, Ricky Hirsch:  Lead guitar, John Anthony:  Keyboards, Jack Hall:  Bass,  Lewis Ross:  Drums."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OAQ', u"Track 1) Filter: One... Execelent recreation of the classic song 3 Dog Night Track 2) Tonic: Flower Man... Upbeat, for anyone that's ever heard Tonic before, this songs deffinately for you. Great Electric Guitar work Track 3) Foo Figthers: Walking After You... Not an average Foo Fighters song as the mellowness  is brought way up. Slower song but for sure one of my favorites on the soundtrack. Once again good guitar work. Track 4) Ween: Beacon Light... Non-hippy beat but all hippy lyrics. Well interpreted by the band members. Good vocals. Track 5) Sting and Aswad: Invisable sun... Reggae sounding but in a X-Files way. The Lyrics hint on to the government cover-ups but are well diguised.  Track 6) The Cardigans: Deuce... Cardigan fans may be dissapointed with this song but the song represent a good X-Files song. Track 7) Better Than Ezra: One More Murder... Lyrics rule the song and the beat brings conspiracy to life! This song deserves an A+ when it come to lyrics and beat but the vocals could have been better. Track 8) The Cure: More Than This... This song has less lyrics and more X-Files Sounds for back up. Greatly played out and the vocals were well done. Excelent song for &quot;The Cure&quot; fans. Track 9) Bjork: Hunter... Before Bjork starts to sing in the U.S.A somebody tell her to stop breathing on the microphone and learn the english language. Skip over this track if you buy the Soundtrack. She tried to do the Celine Dion thing but stopped before she completly embarassed herself. How &quot;Scandanavian of her.&quot; She better not try to &quot;organize freedom&quot; near me! Track 10)Soul Coughing: 16 Horses... I learned alot about speakers from this song but i couldn't seem to feel the X-Files out the whole song. Great song to listen to if your not thinking of the X-Files. Well done with the graphic sound add-ins Track 11) X: Christal Ship... Well done with the background feel to the music. The Doors should be proud somebody finally made their song sound good. Track 12) Sarah McLachlan: Blac! k... This song is AWESOME. If you had to pick a song for a reason to buy this Soundtrack CHOOSE THIS ONE! Sarah mada me feel like i was in the X-Files movie when i listened to this song. She had a beautiful voice and i love the way she jumps scales with her voice. Great background effects added in this song. Track 13) Noel Gallagher: Teotihuacan... Great storm-like song to listen to while your settling down. The instroments are well used and emphasized i this song.  Track 14) The Dust Brothers: The X-Files Theme... This song is great for a modern generation X-Files theme but i have to say that i like the new theme on the Score better."))
(5.0, (u'B000006P8C', u"This album, first issued in 1988, had been out of print since I became a Johnny Cash fan in 1993. It finally was reissued this spring. It's GREAT. Catchy tunes, with guest parts by singers such as Paul McCartney, the Everly Brothers, Waylon Jennings and Hank Williams Jr. But the highlight, for me, are a couple of really moving songs about family love. One is a grieving song from adult children to their late mother. It's so unusual for popular music to address parent-child love. There's probably one parent-child love song for every 1,000 songs about infatuation -- and almost never an ode from child to parent. This is a beautiful one.  Johnny Cash enjoyed something of a resurgence a few years ago when people in their teens and 20s started listening to his stuff. But in my mind, this album is better than anything he has done more recently."))
(5.0, (u'6302914191', u"The simple mystery of &quot;Who killed Laura Palmer ?&quot; is only the surface of a deep exploration into hidden worlds of good and evil with an incredibly colorful cast of characters mixed with director David Lynch's physical incarnation of metaphysical worlds and entities.Even if you have seen the movie Fire Walk With Me (which answers the mystery), the series still has a grossly magnetic appeal as its characters' own stories and relationships unfold among a backdrop of Lynch's esoteric imagery.Personally, I cannot get enough.  I have just watched the first tape of 5 episodes (which I borrowed while waiting for mine to arrive) and cannot wait to watch the rest. With lots of hidden symbols and images (check out some of the Twin Peaks websites via your favorite search engine), this series is worth(and requires) watching more than once.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000PUA', u"&quot;Rebirth of the Budd&quot; is a must for anyone who likes movie jazz soundtracks.  Budd, who composed music for the films &quot;The Stone Killer&quot;, &quot;The Wild Geese&quot;, &quot;Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger&quot;, (all now out of print), has some of his best themes included in this CD.  &quot;Rebirth of the Budd&quot; contains music from &quot;Fear is the Key&quot;, &quot;Get Carter&quot;(a classic), &quot;Soldier Blue&quot;, &quot;The Carey Treatment&quot;, &quot;Zeppelin&quot;, etc.  The sound is clean, obviously taken from the original master tapes. It's a joy to hear Budd's great music once again, now available to the public after Mr. Budd's untimely death in August of 1993.  If you like Lalo Schifrin(Mission:Impossible, Dirty Harry, Enter the Dragon, etc.), you'll love Roy Budd.  I highly recommend &quot;Rebirth of the Budd&quot;.  It's a must for any movie soundtrack fanatic!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VN7', u"Sometimes I wonder how Sarah can be so incredible at so much, and still be so modest. Here she is, with the most incredible perfect voice I've ever heard, the woman who started the greatest and only female music tour in history, funny &amp; intelligent, beautiful, and yet she hasn't let any of it go to her head. That just proves how incredible she is. I guarantee if you get this cd and let the music and the words sink into you, you'll fall in love with her. Sometimes it's amazing how much the songs relate to your life, it's great. It's comforting to hear someone practically read your thoughts, like some sort of angel. I can't stress enough how incredible this album is, it's my favorite right now and probably always will be."))
(5.0, (u'B000007666', u"Greetings friends, down from the cloud of Lester Bangs comes Tal Klein and a seemingly harmless review of possibly the most creative bunch of electric fart and burp noises put over synth saxes and latino drums. I tell you kiddies, this is Yello's best album, and it was never released in the states because of Mercury's eagerness to keep my favorite Yello album from me. Yes, you know Yello, they did that Oh yeah ferris beauler song, and the sountrack to Ford Fairlane, which is basically this album without the lyrics. Look, go somewhere else, this is too good for you and you're more likely going to laugh at it as those who laughed at marcell duchamp giggled at their own stupidity, at it's heart, latin beats, wonderful musical playthings jump around and make this album the perfect Yello album, I wish they sold this album with The Race, Oh yeah, Tied up, and ciel ouvert. Then I'd never have to spend a dime on Yello's otherwise crappy music. This is the essential album, not that humdrum they'd like you to buy, and may Lester Bangs' wrath have mercy on those who buy best-of albums anyway. Buy it or don't buy it, this one's too good for you."))
(5.0, (u'B000004C33', u"Gainsbourg expresses his jewishness and his hate-filled heart for the nazis and the concentration camps. He does it with an overwelming poetry of cynical and derisory rythms and rhymes. The songs' titles are suggestive enough. But wait until you hear it played !  Some songs are graspable even if you're not fluent in French (the lyrics are written out). However, it's difficult for Americans to understand all the subtilities in this awesome album. And if you do speak French fluently and understand the pons and &quot;sous-entendus&quot;, it's likely to shock you: you see, France is not PC-oriented, and Gainsbourg aims at shocking French people. I have developed a visceral relationship to this album. You can't be racist and like its content. That includes the most pernitious forms of racism, like this cold-blooded PC fake attitude that some people put on. That's what lead Gainsbourg to aggress Whitney Houston with sexual comments, but I guess she didn't comprehend it that way at the time ! Anyway, just use the shock to wake you up, and appreciate the actual message.With &quot;Aux Armes etc&quot;, and &quot;L'homme a Tete de Chou&quot;, this is a most major contribution to French music and poetry from Gainsbourg. It is also a significant politico-social contribution, and something Gainsbourg had to get out of his head in order to keep on living. Gainsbourg rarely creates to entertain, here he creates to survive - which did not happen for his parents."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025NU', u"Songs in the Attic is my favorite Billy Joel album.  He recorded it to save for posterity some of his favorite songs, which he though sounded a lot better live then the studio versions he had released earlier.  Boy, was he right!  Check out a ripping version of &quot;Capt. Jack,&quot; as well as some amazing piano playing on &quot;Billy the Kid.&quot;  He closes the album with &quot;I've Loved These Days,&quot; a song which showcases Billy at his wistful, sentimental best, but with a hint of the dark side of his younger days still showing through.  I still think of my last days of high school everytime I hear it.  If you are a fan of Billy Joel and have not heard this masterwork, do yourself a favor and check it out.  You'll be glad you did."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FI7', u"Ah, hello again my little hypothetical lovechildren, and may you grace my words with your seering eyes as we venture passed the cliches of yet another genre. Whatever do you mean uncle Tal? You ask, well, fear not, for I will tell. For every genre there is a definitive album, as James Brown is the godfather of soul, Portishead are the communal godparents of trip hop. Take mad dumb retarded hiphop beats and put a jazzelle diva's mourning hurtful pained anger-love-lust driven vocals on top. Add James Bond and surf-guitar riffs (which reemerged thanks to Quentin and his pulp dogs), and then, some electronic tweeks and twangs, and now, feel sorry for yourself, but smile. Kindof like the blues on acid but with urban beats and a jazzy silhouette. Yummy, if this don't beat mommy's tapioka pudding, there is no cure for a rainy day."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NAV', u"&quot;Train-a-comin&quot; was the album that got me back into Steve Earle after buying his Hillbilly Highway back in the 80s.  Until &quot;Train&quot;, I had lost interest in Earle, thinking he was a flash in the pan.  Now that I'm back into his music, I realize nothing could be further from the truth.  &quot;Train&quot; is one of those rare wall-to-wall solid recordings that never disappoints and usually inspires sing-along in the car.  I think it's a perfect record.  After &quot;Train,&quot; I've picked up on Earle's other 90s offereings, and I have found them to be excellent as well.  His latest, &quot;El Corazon&quot; is particularly good.  But the one that made it all work for me is &quot;Train&quot;.  For an all-acoustic album, it's wonderfully diverse, with nice acoustic blendings, harmonies, and soulful thumpings.  For me, this album is an access point into one of the most amazing singer/songwriting talents of our time."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NBO', u"Okay, so she doesn't shave her pits (good attention grabber, huh Mr. Sullivan?), but this CD rocks so much. I met her and she is the nicest person in the world!She is so sweet and beautiful, but back to her CD. She has a definate attitude and I am glad for it because she has created one of the awesomest CD's I have ever heard. I can so relate to *Tiger* and some of the lyrics are so shocking that they are haunting and unforgetable. Paula Cole rocks so hard. If you ever get a chance to see her in concert, go for it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VTL', u"From &quot;La, La, Means I Love You&quot; to the self-incriminating &quot;Lying To Myself&quot; this CD is a winner. All of the Delfonics A-sides are included along with some phat B-sides, like &quot;Somebody Loves You&quot; (a personal fav) and &quot;Hey Love.&quot;  Thom Bell the producer, arranger, and writer of many of these songs out did himself with these lush, sophisticated, sexy, soulful arrangements.  I have three copies of this CD and one tape:  One has a slot for life in my car's CD changer; the second is in my home changer; the third is in a CD carrying case, and the tape stays in my car in case I go somewhere where there is no CD player."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WPB', u"this is a great foundation to nascent nina fans. listen to this cd often enough and you cannot help but be seduced by her voice and musicianship. there is something magical in the propinquity between her voice and the voice of the piano. combine this with her technical virtuosity, and truly great arrangements, and classic songs; and the result is magnificent. i also love her confidence, which shines through every song. so much so that on her version of george harrison's &quot;isn't it a pity&quot;, ( which is one of the most compelling tracks), nina screws up the words. towards the end she sings &quot; the beauty sap...&quot; and then corrects herself , singing &quot;the beauty that surrounds us.&quot; the recording is not live and any other artist would have re-recorded or over-dubbed. but to have the intelligence to leave in an imperfection is another aspect which gives this track its transcendence. i am also be awed by her interpretations- listen to mr. bojangles. irrefutable proof of musical genius is found on every track on this cd."))
(5.0, (u'0790729628', u"BRDC is, in my opinion, one of the greatest sci-fi films ever made. But what troubles me is that this movie could have been more if its makers were given a few million dollars more. Even though there are a very noticable amount of errors (script inconsistancies, dubbing, visual problems), this movie still shines from a VERY solid performance by Dutch actor Rutger Hauer, who plays Roy Batty, the lead of his replicant clan. Another solid performance is given by Joe Turkle, who plays God with his character, Eldon Tyrell.  If you live for visuals in movies, this movie will have you spellbounded. From the opening scene, you are treated to 2 hours of pure bliss. CG scenes and miniatures are eye candy, and enhances the movie's feel.  Ridley Scott's futuristic epic is a must for anyone who even remotly enjoys a good sci-fi flick. I think the film should be redone, and retrofitted with better F/X, have the scenes and characters who were deleted due to budget cuts, and have the parallel story that is in WESTWOOD STUDIOS' adaption of the movie. Both are astounding and will forever hold a place on my shelf, and in my heart.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003RSF', u"This album reminds me of rain. The way that rain can be sort of happy and cleansing (like &quot;Somebody's Daughter&quot;) or meloncholy and inspiring (like &quot;Don't Need A Reason&quot;) and lots of times ends up sending you off on a journey into your mind to visit your lost loves (just like &quot;Galaxy of Emptiness&quot;). This is one of the few albums which actually explores different facets of certain emotions, rather than touching on many general ones. I find the tracks which utilize more electronic elements (such as &quot;Tangent&quot;, &quot;Touch Me With Your Love&quot; and &quot;Galaxy of Emptiness&quot;) can overshadow other songs on the album as overall emotional standpoints for the narrator of the songs (almost as if they break the other songs into chapters of emotional states). Overall, this is an amazing gem of an album."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S5N', u"A-HA's second release is definitely my favourite. Although at the time of it's release they were seen as poser heartthrobs, this record is much more intense than the previous debut, &quot;Hunting High and Low&quot;. Some of this album is really quite moody, and although Pal Waktaar and Mags write all the songs, vocalist Morten Harket's amazing voice really captures the words. There are some quite weak tracks here though, like &quot;Maybe Maybe&quot; which is really just pop-trash filler, but others like &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; and &quot;The Soft Rains Of April&quot;,  more than make up for it. This record proved that the world should take a-ha a bit more seriously, because the were much more than pretty faces.  Basic overview... Great synth-pop masterpiece that is instantly likeable, and will soon become essentially loveable with fantastic vocals, excellent production, and varying moods."))
(5.0, (u'B00000619B', u"Am I biased? You decide after reading my review.  I never met Ritchie, tough I was 2 years his junior. I am not a musician, but I am an artist. I am also , like Ritchie of Mexican-American heritage. But, what I will say about Ritchie's music and this new Cd are hopefully honest commentaries. I have all of Ritchie's records, including the original LP's from 1959 and later. This 3 CD set can only present us with Ritchie's limited output. It represents the studio and home recordings made in his 8 month recording career. Ritchie is an important American musician and this set is an important historical contribution to American Music. The book notes that accompany the set provide us with facts and information that fill out Ritchie's &quot;portrait&quot;. He was a gifted intuitive guitarist, and musician. Del-Fi has created a package that allows us to feel Ritchie's &quot;energy&quot;, and to appreciate his very rare and honest talent. The home demos round out the polished studio masters. I rate this set very high, as I believe others who hear it will also."))
(5.0, (u'B000000GPY', u"This is one of my favorite cd's.  I have been listening to rock music for many years.  And nothing, no band, no solo artist has ever touched my soul like Trent Reznor has.  His music speaks to me.  This cd is one of Trent's best.  This one shows the complete gamut of what this man has to offer.  If you like ballads, industrial, dance or heavy metal you should check this one out.  If you get no other Nine Inch Nails cd, this is the one you should buy.  This man is a wonderful artist and musician.  He captures the essence and feelings of those of us who are fed up with society, its failings and the failings of the moral majority."))
(5.0, (u'B0000089PQ', u"If you only buy *one* CD this year, this should be it! I bought this CD in Quebec City totally by fluke last winter, I just wanted to try a french singer, and this CD looked good.  I listened to it once and that was it: I was addicted. Couldn't understand more than 3 words on the whole CD (except for &quot;n'oubliez jamais&quot; which is in English) but there was no mistaking the meanings of the songs. Isabelle Boulay has more life and passion in her voice than *any* other female singer I have ever heard, rivalling even Joni Mitchell. You can feel the love, the pain, the longing, the desire the joy and the loss in every song. You will find yourself singing along with &quot;je t'oublierai, je t'oublierai&quot; (&quot;I will forget you&quot;) even if you don't speak french; the title cut will wrench your heart. And your heart and spirit will rise and soar and then fold and weep along with Boulay's incredible voice. Her voice exceeds Celine Dion, Sarah McLachlan, Barbra Streisand... the background arrangements echo the voice... the lyrics are pure poetry for the heart and soul.. Celine Dion especially had better watch out, because Isabelle Boulay is about to knock her off of her pedestal!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000009AN', u"Easily the most melodic release of the year, put together with delicate craft. Matt, an amazing drummer-turned-multi-instrumentalist, unleashes the freshest collections of songs in a long time. From the growl of &quot;Borateen&quot; to the odd-time grit-groove of &quot;Lucid Anne&quot; to the unbelievable twists and turns of &quot;Superstar,&quot; this album has NO weak moment; it re-established my faith in new music. Just to exemplify how blown away I was by this CD, I confess to having bought twelve copies to give out as Christmas presents. Check out Matt's follow-up EP, entitled &quot;The Half-Baked Serenade.&quot; And if you hear anything out there that is along the same vein, would you please let me know?"))
(5.0, (u'B0000064F6', u'Brother Dave\'s humor was a two-edged sword: sophisticated for the adult and slapstick for the young. My son laughed at these stories when he was 10.  Now 23, he understands the subtle double-entendre in almost every track. Brother Dave\'s humor is Southern  (he gladly tells you that there ain\'t no North, everything is south of something) it\'s pretty clean (he may say hell or damn, but that\'s as bad as it gets), and its belly rolling funny.  The two albums included on this CD contain some of Dave\'s funniest and brightest stories. (I\'m hoping that the rest of his albums will be re-released on CD - I\'ll be one of the first fans in line to buy them!)One word of caution: if you aren\'t from the South, some of Brother Dave\'s humor might escape you.  But if you listen carefully, you may understand Southerners a little better.  At least you\'ll see that we can poke good-natured fun at the entire Southern population, not just the rednecks.  And be careful: you might find yourself laughing when Brother Dave pokes fun at "those brilliant Yankees"!'))
(5.0, (u'B000006R8I', u"Olivia IS back!  Too bad most of mainstream and country radio is ignoring this triumphant recording.  Olivia's never sounded (or looked) better, and despite all her recent roubles - from bankrupcy and divorce to cancer and the loss of close friend s- she has never sounded so mature, so professional, so comfortable with her gift.  Hers is a think voice - like an angels - and should not be underestimated.  What is singing if not emotional connection to lyrics and trhe music itself.  On songs like &quot;Back with a Heart,&quot; &quot;Spinning His Wheels&quot; and &quot;Precious Love&quot; Olivia demonstrates why her pipes touch people the world over.  Really a terrific album - I'd say her best in 20 years!  Sadly, its being underappreciated by  the mainstream charts and press.  Call your CMT and VH1, call your local country, a/c and pop radio stations and ask that they play some cuts from this truly exciting album."))
(5.0, (u'B000000V1A', u"Some bands rely on catchy music to draw you in. In the case of Iona, the sheer skill involved and the wonderful playing are an instant drawcard. This recording is a `must have'. The music is joyful and played from the heart. For those familiar with the Iona studio albums , you'll find them all represented here, with power. Sometimes it's hard to believe it's a live recording. With the superb production of Dave Bainbridge, every instrument can be clearly heard. Some tracks will have you quietly listening, some will have you dancing. The listener really feels aware of the `one-ness' of the band as they play. For the technically minded, there is some extremely impressive percussion, guitar, uillean pipe and other instrument playing, as well as the fantastic vocals of Joanne Hogg, and everything is played with so much sensitivity. It is recommended that you play this recording in its entirety (not always pick bits out!) on a good sound system.  Definitely music with the work of a greater power behind it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q9G', u"An amazing album from the greatest Rock and Roll band in the world.  Even though Little Feat has rarely gotten the recognition or praise they deserve by the rock press,  they continue to get better with time.  They have always been one of the tightest bands around and they have produced one of their truly classic albums.  The music runs the gamut of rock, blues and jazz played in the amalgam that is Little Feats inimitable sound.  If you have never heard Little Feat before, this is a good place to start along with either one of their live albums, and if you are already a Featster you won't be disappointed by their latest effort."))
(5.0, (u'B000004CT3', u"I had the great fortune of seeing &quot;Carmelina&quot; on Broadway.  It closed, not so much because it was a bad show (it wasn't), but because the producers didn't have enough money to keep it open until word of mouth spread around town.  But luckily, the music was recorded, and if you like the lush sounds of great Broadway melodies, you'll love this album.  It has wonderful music, great lyrics, combining to form tunes that make sense.  Don't pass up this cast album!  And if you like it, I would suggest you go out and look for &quot;The Baker's Wife,&quot; featuring Patti Lupon and Paul Sorvino.  It's another lost classic."))
(5.0, (u'B000005AXJ', u"&quot;A great sound backed by a wall of drums...the singing makes you want to learn how.  After listening to it, you want more......and more.&quot; That's how my best friend describes the band. I'm less articulate. Fleming &amp; John are GREAT. No arguments. What the lead singer (Fleming) can do with her voice is absolutely amazing. Imagine a continuous sound that climbs the scale ever higher to a raspy scream-yell and then falls sweetly back to a gentle pace. Then listen to the first track &quot;I'm Not Afraid&quot; and you'll know what I mean. Or, if you'd prefer an opera-like aria, try &quot;Rain All Day.&quot; You're into cool guitar? That's the intro to &quot;A Place Called Love.&quot; If you like alternative music, you'll love this band. Fleming is the epitome of the alternative chick singer. I heard two of their songs and bought the cd. Less than a week later, three of my friends followed suit. Does that let on as to how great they are?"))
(5.0, (u'B000005H6S', u"Bought this CD and his first after hearing a few tunes from both on KCRW 89.9 out of Santa Monica, CA. He has a bit of Torme (skat) and a bit of Sinatra (smooth and cool). But he remains an individual by adding his own twists to the tunes. He's a great free-style singer and a tremendous storyteller... and the music that accompanies him is great too. Track one with Cassandra Wilson is amazing! I am certain that if you buy this one you will want his first or the other way around! I have seen nothing but rave reviews for both."))
(5.0, (u'B00000257N', u"There is more than enough room to argue that Jane Olivor's First Night is the finest pop album ever made by a female singer.  Olivor may be too dark/intense for some, but for those who love divas in the lineage of Piaf, Garland and Streisand, there can be no better choice than she.  It's obvious that Olivor is thrilled to be singing and this comes across in every song.  Her rendition of &quot;Some Enchanted Evening&quot; totally reworks the song and makes it her own, forever, spinning you off into the heavens.  I wish Columbia had done a better job of mastering this superb, astonishing album, which, by the way, won Stereo Review's Album of the Year in 1976."))
(5.0, (u'0780619552', u"Lately in the DVD market, you get the impression that the studios are catching on. They're starting to release DVDs with extras that give you the impression they understand the capabilities of the medium. Most of New Line's Platinum series is an example of this, but Austin Powers is, from what I've seen, their peak!In addition to the film itself, which has an excellent transfer and sound, the disc includes a feature length commentary with Jay Roach and Mike Myers, where they discuss such things as script changes, character adjustments and motivations, costuming and make-up, location selections and problems, and Mike Myers' body odor difficulties :-)There are also 7 deleted scenes from the film, along with the original trailer, cast biographies and filmographies, a P&amp;S and Widescreen version of the film, and the first animated chapter selection disc I've ever owned.  The only negative I have is New Line's use of the &quot;snap case&quot; made of plastic and cardboard rather than the &quot;keep case&quot; made entirely of plastic. An excellent addition that shows off the capability of DVD as a media format, though Das Boot, Starship Troopers, and the 5th Element still remain the hallmarks of the DVD experience for home theaterin terms of quality of picture and sound, imo.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002B02', u"If you're just getting familiar with Frank Sinatra or classic music from the 40s, this is a great place to start.  Most of these date from Frank's heyday during and just after World War II, when he was a skinny kid making bobby soxers swoon.  The songs here are a great clue why:  great ballads from famous names like Gershwin, Kern and Hammerstein (yep, before he teamed up with Rodgers), Irving Berlin and more.  The songs are wonderfully romantic -- you couldn't ask for better material -- and no one does them like Sinatra.  A few of my personal favorites:  &quot;The Song is You,&quot; &quot;How Deep is the Ocean,&quot; &quot;But Beautiful,&quot; and &quot;Why Try to Change Me Now&quot; (his last song recorded for Columbia and proof positive he wasn't as &quot;washed up&quot; as many people thought he was at the time).  If you like this, you'll want more -- lots more -- but this is a good overview of Sinatra's early romantic ballads."))
(5.0, (u'B000002B7O', u"This album was definetly on of Ozzy's best! Teamed up with one of heavy metal's best guitarist, Randy Rhoads. The music really shows Randy's guitar creativity and some of the best lead guitar work of the 80's I've heard and the best vocals from the &quot;Ozz&quot; himself! Randy Rhoads would have definetly been up there with names like Yngwie Malmsteen, Steve Vai, Satriani had he not been killed by some moron screwing around in an airplane. His death effected alot of people including me. If you want to hear where blistering leads came from in the 80's, pick up this album. It started here....."))
(5.0, (u'B000002C4Q', u"There is no way I can praise this album highly enough.  I had never heard of Fernando until he toured with Michael Card and did a concert at my church in Jackson, MS.  His playing is magnificent, his voice is haunting and beautiful.  Throughout it all, his songs are moving examples of praise and worship to God.  He is also a masterful arranger of classic hymns.  My favorite tracks are &quot;Angel Fire&quot;, &quot;Children of the Living God&quot;, &quot;If You Were Mine&quot; (heartbreakingly beautiful song about his and his wife's unsuccessful effort to adopt a baby girl), any of the hymns, and especially, &quot;Hear Me Calling, Great Redeemer.&quot;  Fernando is fabulous."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VTV', u"Aretha returns to the top of the pop/R&amp;B scene with her latest release, A Rose Is Still A Rose.  In the 90's, Aretha's least prolific decade since she began recording in the late 50's, none of her offerings matched the track-for-track quality of Who's Zoomin' Who.  Until now.  A Rose Is Still A Rose masterfully diplays the incredible musicality, artistry, and range that made Aretha the penultimate singer of an era.The tracks, produced by a host of talent the likes of Sean &quot;Puffy&quot; Coombs, Micheal Narada Wilson and others, complement each other with a blend of upbeat singles coupled with blazing torch songs.  &quot;Every Little Bit Hurts&quot; displays Aretha's superb handling and use of background vocals.  On &quot;In the Morning,&quot; a soulful ballad, Aretha's vocals shine, again reminding listeners how she earned the appelation &quot;Queen of Soul.&quot;While some tracks are more compelling than others, each track on this CD has something to offer.  The CD improves with each hearing.  Previously unnoticed licks and phrases continue to register, even after numerous plays.A Rose Is Still A Rose marks the beginning of a new Renaissance for Aretha.  Much like Who's Zoomin' Who launched a resurrection of her career in the early 80's, A Rose Is Still A Rose marks a new watershed.  With the return of her top vocal range after the cessation of a decades-long smoking habit, Aretha has embarked on a spate of well-received concerts and appearances, culminating with her appearance at the 1998 Grammy Awards.  Standing in on a moment's notice for Luciano Pavoratti, Aretha belted out Puccini's &quot;Nessun Dorma&quot; in Pavoratti's tenor key.  Closing the aria, Aretha sounded like the Aretha of old, and her performance simply brought the house down.Aretha has served notice that she intends to continue to set standards for artistry, quality, and musicality that most performers will only dream of reaching.  The woman who was close friends with Dr. Martin Luther King and sang at his!  funeral, as well as Mahalia Jackson's funeral, and who gave voice to the spirit of a generation with classics like &quot;Respect,&quot; Think,&quot; and &quot;Natural Woman&quot; has been restored to her throne with her latest release.  If indeed she ever left."))
(5.0, (u'B000002X1C', u"The depth of Guy Clark's lyrics are only challenged his cutting voice and captivating melodies.  Knowing that this artist has penned some of the greatest songs of the past half century is to realize that the true appeal lies in his honesty and unique take on the world.  Guy Clark Essentails is a great collection of some of his better know works.  Songs that have been recorded by many other artists can sometimes only be given their justice by their creator, and Guy Clark puts forth an exceptional effort.  This alblum crosses many boundries, and is a must for anyone's collection"))
(5.0, (u'B000003RH0', u"Granted, the mighty G. Evelyn of nighty mares on wax would have my head for calling his music trip hop, but that's what it is. The best grooves this side of whatever direction your cranium may be facing, and to those who make love to Enigma I say this: You may seduce her, but a porn star you will never be lest you serve this album 'top your tray and let the smooth moves wrap your lover up in soul-silk. There is no hope for aspiring trip hop artists, I say, and I include myself, for beyond this all is but cheap regurgitated isaac hays samplets. What I mean is this: All this album amounts to is great, and though the artist would like to be referred to as a hiphop artist, it wouldn't do him justice. Though I might throw a kudo or two in wax trax's direction for picking this album up, warp earns all my affection for releasing something which makes the drive back from work that much more tolerable, and the passing of time whilest the bass reverberates over my earie lobes warm, fuzzy, and juicy like tender roadkill squirrel. Wrap yourself up in lace or cement, either way, smokers' delight is the fog that makes it all worth while."))
(5.0, (u'B000005HST', u"The Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy are anything but disposable. With social commentary that cuts to the core of modern ills, they expose our disposable culture for what it is, pointing out hypocrisy at every turn. The band instantly evokes memories of other great Hip-Hop bands that have combined socio-political poetry with Jazz-influenced riffs: bands like Arrested Development and Digable Planets.Listenable, yet demanding, the Heroes deliver melody and musically complex arrangements. Samples are used liberally, with synths providing a techno background for their funk. When the band reincarnated as Spearhead, the synth player/co-writer was missing from the lineup. That was a loss as this album proves. Nevertheless, Spearhead is also worth a listen, especially if you like the Heroes.Sadly, the Disposable Heroes never got the recognition they deserved, putting out just this one album to my knowledge. It's one of my Top 5 Hip-Hop favorites of all time. Check it out."))
(5.0, (u'B000005J7L', u"This album is THE ALBUM OF 1997. Edwin McCain, highly underrated, has succedeed after his excellent first album &quot;Honor among thieves&quot;, offered us the possibility to listen to a duet Edwin-Darius Rucker (From Hootie).&quot;Misguided Roses&quot; is one of the most complete albums I've heard. It has all kinds of songs. Obviously most of us bought it or will do it because of &quot;I'll Be&quot;, but when you listen to &quot;Take Me&quot; or &quot;What Matters&quot;, you think that these songs could be in the top 10 in the near future. Do not let this album pass by...Listen to it, it is REALLY GOOD"))
(5.0, (u'B000005LDA', u"At the top of his Palladium days, the first record featuring singer Santos Colon, the sound of his big band... this superb collection is Puente's dancing music greatest album! Many tracks were prepared for this record and the selected ones reveal the genius of the masters, or how they select their material. Recorded circa 1957-58 Dance Mania quickly became a classical. It has endured the passage of time and it continues to be a best seller, in various re-issues. The only other Puente record at this level is Night Beat, on jazz, and perhaps some in the Ensemble Latin Jazz series."))
(5.0, (u'B000000I2Z', u'Drawing from influences as disparate as Mission of Burma and Joy Division, Versus are iconoclasts only in the sense that they are producing incredibly great music in a sea of mediocrity.  With Secret Swingers, their second full album after The Stars are Insane, Versus continues to produce their distinctive brand of melodic pop songs.  All tracks are strong, with &quot;Lose That Dress&quot;, &quot;Double Suicide (Mercy Killing)&quot; and &quot;Star Crossed Love&quot; leading the way.  The vocal harmonizing between lead singers Richard Baluyut and Fontaine Toups keeps getting better with each new release.  All around a great effort from one of the best bands in existence today.  They also put on a great live show.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000003T4', u'This is a great CD.  When living near the American Naval Base in Exmouth, Western Australia many years ago, my husband heard &quot;The Shopping Cart of Love&quot; and this led me to track down the album (no mean feat in remote Australia, I can tell you). It is an absolutely delightful funny and clever song of a woman who has just been abandoned by her fiance, and finds love in the supermarket in the midst of her despair. I have since listened to it many times, and the pleasure of it never fades.  The rest of the album is also wonderful, with some of the ballads haunting and beautiful.  If you want something a little different, and you want a track you will always remeber and enjoy, this is for you.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002879', u"Easily in my Top Ten CDs/Albums of all Time, &quot;Come On Come On&quot; is a slam dunk for MC squared on every track.  Each song exudes brains, passion, drama, heartbreak and more.  This CD will remain the cornerstone of Carpenter's career, perhaps for her entire career, for it was as if all the planets had aligned for this brilliant release.  Carpenter looks directly into our hearts and helps us to remember, reflect and rejuvenate.  Of so many classic cuts on this great CD, certainly the title track, at least for me, is perhaps one of the most evocative pieces of music ever written and performed.  Buy this now."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OH8', u"I never was a really big country fan.. growing up, my dad would blare Hank on the radio, but believe it or not, I listened to mostly R&amp;B and Rap, throw in some Live, and Dave Mathews, and a few others, you can see my music taste is quite varied... Well, I was out *somewhere* and heard 'the dance'.. I got goose bumps listening to the words, and Garth can really express the meanings in his songs.. I slowly began to add Garth to my music tastes, and eventually country in general, as Garth changed the industry... If you've NEVER listened to Country before.. and SAY you're against it.. Listen to this box set ONCE, and you'll change your mind.. If you truly have any appreciation for good music.. you'll bee a Garth fan forever.. (btw.. Tim McGraw's &quot;don't take the girl&quot; is another song that will hook you on country)"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JC4', u"After a number of years of jumping from label to label, Eder has hit her stride with this wonderful CD.  If this were another decade (60s or 70s), Eder would already be a household name in the vein of Streisand.  Indeed, Streisand's influence on Eder has been much discussed (and the Streisand camp thinks that Eder is an unworthy imposter).  While I buy Streisand's CDs, I generally play them once and they sit on the shelf.  This CD rarely leaves the heavy rotation list for me.  I know this is heresey, but I think Eder in this CD wipes the floor with Streisand.  Her range of material is enormous (let alone her vocal range).  And, if you've had the great fortune of seeing Eder in concert, none of this great singing is manufactured in the studio either.  Be sure to check out the remix version of &quot;Something to Believe In&quot; too.  Highly recommended."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HR5', u"I'd been waiting for an AC/DC boxed collection for years, and Bonfire is worth every last cent.  The sticker, tattoo, keychain, guitar pick, poster, and exhaustive booklet are just icing on the cake.  The CD &quot;Volts&quot; is full of alternate versions of favorite songs.  &quot;Back Seat Confidential&quot; is a superior version of &quot;Beating Around The Bush,&quot; and &quot;Dirty Eyes&quot; is nearly as good as the unsurpassable &quot;Whole Lotta Rosie.&quot;  Even the older version of &quot;If You Want Blood&quot; shows how Vanda &amp; Young's production differed greatly from Mutt Lange's on the Highway To Hell album.  But Bonfire is regrettably incomplete.  No self-respecting AC/DC fan really needs yet another copy of Back In Black (included in Bonfire), but we could have used more songs that went tragically unreleased in the States, such as Crabsody In Blue, Stick Around, Love Song [AC/DC at their wimpiest, but still fascinating], Cold Hearted Man, Rock In Peace, and Fling Thing.  These lost songs (some of them displaying Bon Scott's voice at its most soulful) might have been included on an expanded &quot;'74 Jailbreak&quot; CD within Bonfire, rather than Back In Black, and I would have been deliriously happy.  As it is, I'm stuck with my old scratchy vinyl imported copies of those songs.  But get Bonfire anyway."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UBY', u"The songs on this CD, along with any other Queensryche songs are, well, great! They have been called the &quot;Thinking Man's&quot; heavy metal band, and with good reason. The songs on this CD will take you into the future and back in time as well. If I had a choise of which Queensryche album is my favorite, I don't think I could pick one too easily...However if you have never listened to Queensryche before, I would advise buying this CD first. Beleive it or not, I bought this album (yes, I still have it on VINYL!) in a record store because I liked the album cover..??!! Yes, you read right! I had NEVER heard of them before I bought the album. They could have sung &quot;rap music&quot; for all I knew, BUT, as soon as I heard the first two seconds of the first track &quot;Warning&quot;, I knew I was in for a great ride! I am so glad I bought that album, my ears have been thanking me ever since. This CD RULES! The vocal range of Geoff Tate is astounding and the fretboard work of Chris DeGarmo and Michael Wilton dueling it out together, the sound is the best I've heard. It really can not be described. This band is even incredible live. I've seen them many times, and Geoff Tate can hit every note in concert, not too many people can do that. Unfortunately, now that Chris DeGarmo is not with the band anymore, I really hope their music doesn't change. Anyway, &quot;Reach deep into your hearts and pocketbooks&quot; and spend the money on this one!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UVZ', u"I like to attribute different seasons to R.E.M. albums, and this one (aside from the atrocious &quot;Monster&quot;) ranks as their only &quot;summer&quot; album. Tuneful, but with a bit more of an electric edge than you'd expect. Witness the crunching beginning of &quot;Begin the Begin,&quot; the frenzied &quot;Just A Touch,&quot; (in which Stipe yowls some of his most outrageous lyrics), and even &quot;Fall On Me,&quot; the affecting single supposedly about acid rain. It's intensely positive and has a revolutionary edge, with calls to &quot;start a new country up&quot; and a great string of verse in &quot;I Believe&quot;: &quot;Practice, practice makes perfect,/Perfect is a fault/In fault lies change.&quot;  There simply isn't a weak song on this album. If you are an R.E.M. fan..."))
(5.0, (u'B0000073YV', u"I have many tapes and CD's with recordings of the Sons of the Pioneers.  This is by far my favorite because it has some Pioneer classics and the musical quality of the CD is excellent.  Some of the other tapes and CD's leave a lot to be desired in the quality of the recording. This is easy to understand as many were recorded 40 or more years ago.  However, this CD is digitally remastered and is as clear as if they were on stage in front of you.  The only drawback to this CD is that it only has 8 songs.  They include: Cool Water, Riders in the Sky, Wind, Cowboys Dream, Red River Valley, Whoopie-Ti-Yi-Yo, Teardrops In My Heart, and Tumbling Tumbleweeds.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I have."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NCL', u"It is a rare privilege to have Brian Wilson back in the studio and, even better, to find that he has not lost his touch.  Both the voice and the arrangements are there, as well as excellent pacing in the album itself, with the first half up-tempo and the second side more contemplative, particularly including the tribute to Carl Wilson, &quot;Lay Down Burden.&quot; It has always been Brian Wilson's genius to be able to transmute the &quot;warmth of the sun&quot; into music directly, rather than just talking about it.  That is why criticism of Wilson lyrics misses the point.  It is the entire music/lyric/arrangement experience that characterizes a Brian Wilson song.  He achieves significant additions to his oeuvre here as well as reprising two great Beach Boys songs &quot;Keep An Eye On Summer&quot; and &quot;Let Him Run Wild.&quot;  This is an outstanding album, even more so for being unexpected.  It will be one of the things that defines the summer of 1998."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025DH', u"This wonderful album reflects Olivor at the height of her career and singing.  As with &quot;First Night,&quot; Olivor is produced by Jason Darrow and their teaming again proves incomparable.  Where &quot;First Night&quot; was very intense -- kind of pop singing as opera -- this is great, mainstream singing by Olivor.  While the material itself isn't as substantial (or as dark) as with &quot;First Night,&quot; who cares?  This is a brilliant disc.  The title cut is one of the finest combinations of song and singer and when those violins and Jane swoop up towards its end, it's pop music at its finest.  Jane benefits greatly from the driving force of drums and backup singers and Mike DeLugg's engineering suits her perfectly.  I wish Columbia would remaster this as it was one of the first CDs released and sonically it's a little harsh.  But who cares -- a terrific album sung by one of the best female singers ever to walk before a microphone."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025LB', u"No matter what people say about this CD, I still like it, always have. Not as hard and heavy as their other CD's, but don't let that throw you. This is worth a listen. Any true JP fan should like it ANYWAY! Tunes worth hearing: &quot;Heading Out To The Highway&quot;, &quot;Solar Angels&quot;, &quot;Don't Go&quot;, &quot;Hot Rockin'&quot; and &quot;Desert Plains&quot;. ALSO, three songs from this album USED TO BE ON MTV! Remember MTV???  They used to play MUSIC...Anyway, thats another topic I hate to talk about.  Bottom line, get this CD, listen to it, and don't let your freinds say &quot;it s****&quot;. You be the judge."))
(5.0, (u'B000002H14', u"When &quot;Fast Times at Ridgemont High&quot; was realeased, I was one year old.  I never saw, nor will I ever see the film in a theatre.  I never heard the artists from this soundtrack on the top forty either.  However, for people like me and for the next generation of viewers and listeners, The film &quot;Fast Times at Ridgemont High&quot; and the acompanying soundtrack offer an excellent time capsule into not only the film and musical styles of the early 1980's, but into the culture and feelings of the beginning of this decade of hope and happiness.  When I watch the movie or listen to songs like &quot;Raised on the Radio&quot; and &quot;Somebody's Baby&quot;, I can, for a few moments, live in a time and a place that I was too young to experience.  That is the real merit in this CD, the fact that even when the prevailing youth culture was not born before 1982, these songs will still be around to remind them, and all of us, that there was a time called the 80's and place called California."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LND', u"If you're only going to want one Madonna album, absolutely this is the one.  I have a 50-disc changer in my car but this CD just keeps getting played and played, even after owning it for several years.  However, be aware of the remixes here.  &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; and &quot;Express Yourself&quot; are definitely second rate arrangements compared to their original versions and the 4 tunes taken from &quot;True Blue&quot; (&quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot;, Open Your Heart, Live To Tell, &amp; &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot;) sound drastically different from the original album (in a sonic sense, the arrangements are about the same).  Although the remastered sound may be objectively better, &quot;True Blue&quot; has a much more raw and distinct sound to it, which complements these songs better.  The remix/remaster of &quot;Into the Groove&quot; is the best version I've heard, especially for the arrangement, although one nice little part was cut (probably for time). Actually, many of these songs are shortened, obviously since the finished CD runs just short of the time limit of a CD, but those edited parts are sorely missed (early fade-outs and such).  They even cut out the bongo intro on &quot;La Isla!&quot;  So yes, I have a few complaints.  It would be nice if this had been a 2-cd set since so much is missing, but we really do have a fabulous collection here.  After all, I did give it 5 stars.  Thanks for reading this."))
(5.0, (u'B0000029JF', u"As near to a perfect album as I can think of. There is the strength of performance from each artist from the lesser knowns to the biggies. All put their heart into it and pay their sincerest respect to a songwriter who tells it like it is. Each singer sings it as if he or she wrote it. Such is the power of Mark's honest lyricism, that it causes one to feel that the nature of existence is not intrepid and remote, that our struggles are universal and our joys may be obscured but worthy of the struggle, and that meanwhile we have the solidarity of each other. From the pulsating opening track 'Lonely Moon' to the passionately yearning 'I Just Wanna Get Warm' to the chilly introspection of 'It's not your fault' to the anthemic 'Orphans Of God', I seriously would be hard pressed to think of a track that I dislike. The singular unity of Mark's visionary poetry is excellently played out with quite a diverse range of style. And that is another reason this album is so enjoyable. Here are songs that reach deep into my loneliness and anger at the world and love for life. For more of the same you could try the double disc 'Orphans Of God' which has everything here and more."))
(5.0, (u'B000002ORP', u"The music of the Webber and Rice musical, &quot;Evita&quot;, has never been more beautifully rendered than on this particular recording (featuring the original American cast).  Unlike the stars of the original British studio cast and the film soundtrack, Patti LuPone's performance as Eva Peron is full of fire, strong vocal power and emotion.  The score is the team's best work, on a level of sophistication that they have never quite hit previously or since.  The music is ravishing : exciting Latin American - influenced sounds juxtaposed with stirring arias for the female lead.  Fans of the film are urged to listen to this recording if they want to hear the best &quot;Evita&quot; on record."))
(5.0, (u'B000003ZB0', u"Put this CD on and get ready for one of the most invigorating musical experiences you have ever had.  Shadow Gallery is a progressive rock group featuring an incredible mixture of sonic brilliance, stirring lyrics and wondrous harmonies.  If you like the music of prog rock pioneers such as Rush, Genesis and Yes, you will probably love Shadow Gallery.Carved in Stone is the band's second album.  It delivers songs ranging from all out rockers, such as Cliffhanger and Deeper Than Life, to ballads and even an epic song about a Viking crew, Ghostship.One of this album's unique aspects is the instrumental segues used to transition from one song to another.  I particularly enjoy Shadow Gallery's use of the piano throughout their songs.  Unlike many other groups in the rock genre, the piano is as important as the guitar and rhythm section in Shadow Gallery's music and this is especially apparent on this CD.  Beside the incredible music, the other element that makes this album a masterpiece is the thought-provoking lyrics.  Finally, the band has some remarkable harmony and they put it to great use throughout all of their songs.If you are looking for something fresh, something that breaks out of the mold of tedious popular music, check out this CD.  The liner notes on Carved in Stone contain a message from the band and the final line sums up this CD best:  &quot;Let those who have ears listen.  It's more than just music.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000005J4T', u"Mandy Patinkin has done it!  He has captured the humor, pathos and electricity of this genre.  My mother used to sing Oyfen Pripetshik to me as a child, Mandy made me cry.  My only disappointment was the translitteration which I found a little fuzzy, but that could be a matter of dialect.Patinkin's choice of material is marvelous, and his inclusion of Take Me Out to the Ballgame clearly illustrates the desire of an entire generation to assimilate, to be Americans.  My husband and I thrilled to &quot;Got Bencht Amerike&quot;.I truly hope this is the first of a series, an important documentation of Yiddish music for generations for whom the music and the language has been lost.  As Patinkin states in his notes, Yiddish in America was the secret language, so the &quot;kinder nicht ferschte.&quot;More, Mandy, more!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000H42', u"I love this CD! From the first time I heard &quot;The Oath&quot; on a local college radio station, I owned a copy. &quot;The Oath&quot; starts out a erie, spooky, song with sounds of thunder, rain, and a church bell for a couple minutes and then explodes into one hell of a heavy bone crushing tune. And don't let people tell you that by listening to this you are a devil worshipper.....Some people just don't appreciate a cool tune when they hear one. Anyway, that's not what King Diamond's about. If you've read any articles about him then you know. Just pop it in the CD player, turn off all the lights in the house and crank it up, and ENJOY!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000061RB', u"It was a long wait, and &quot;Imaginos&quot; is a hard act to follow, but as the earlier reviewers have said, this is an excellent showcase of the range of styles and the musicianship of the band (including the new rythm section after the Bouchards). It's hard to pick a favourite because the styles are all so different, but maybe &quot;Live for Me&quot; and &quot;Harvest Moon&quot; ... I must be getting more mellow in my old age. I hope the Classic Rock stations (hint to KFOX in SFO) will pick up a few of the songs. BOC deserve much wider recognition than they normally seem to get."))
(5.0, (u'B000006FDA', u"Ah, the late lamented, demented Lee Press-On & The Nails.  They were a San Francisco Bay Area band that had been around several years before swing hit it big in the late '90s.  For awhile they were ubiquitous in the area, with their energetic, manic show.  This is their first album and it catches the sense of what it was like to be in their audience at the time.Later albums were more polished, and members of the band changed over the years, (frankly, the band was better later - some of these guys must have had a few drinks before this set) but this is still an entertaining CD to listen to, and a document of the short but fun swing revival."))
(5.0, (u'B000006O7C', u"If you're looking for an introduction to the amazing Jeff Buckley, start with 'Grace', but once you've got a handle on him, come to this collection, because it contains some of his best stuff. In my opinion, Jeff Buckley was perhaps the greatest single talent of his generation, right up there with Hendrix. His music wasn't as revolutionary as Hendrix's, but it was earth-shattering in a much quieter individual way. One need only listen to Buckley's heart-wrenching ballad 'Morning Theft' to understand the affective power that this man possessed. He was clearly an amazing vocal talent, but that's only half the story because it was his songwriting as well as his astounding ability to bring new richness to covers that created the vehicles for his soaring vocals. Most will take a purely academic interest in the four-track demos on the second disc (with the exception of 'Jewel Box', which is outstanding as it is) but that shouldn't cause anyone to hesitate to buy this title because it is currently being priced like a single CD. I personally would pay nearly any price for a further glimpse into Jeff Buckley's music. It is CD's like 'Grace', 'Electric Ladyland', 'A Love Supreme', and perhaps 'Sketches' that make you feel like you're getting away with something by only paying $14.99 for such amazing music."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OAQ', u"As a very long-time fan of the show, and as a fan of the majority of the artists on the CD, I had very high expectations for this movie soundtrack.The Foo Fighters' track is a beautiful expression of the Mulder/Scully relationship, a sentiment recently echoed by Carter himself.  (Dave Grohl is an admitted phile.)McLachlans' reworked Black is a moving and eerie portrayal of the overall movie and series plot, describing a desolate world where the frightened and the weak are &quot;forced to cling to mistakes they know nothing of&quot;.Remakes and original material alike, each track stands out as not just the artist's interpretation of, but a tribute to, Mulder and Scully and the themes of the show.  Their level of interest in this series and the film soundtrack project SHOWS!One of my top-ten purchases of the year."))
(5.0, (u'B000000PLF', u"National Health were one of the most technically accomplished, musically sophisticated and just plain inventive bands to emerge from the Canterbury scene. From the lyrical passages in 'Borogoves' and 'Tenemos Roads' to the awesome complexity of &quot;The Collapso&quot; and its electronic remake &quot;The Apocalypso&quot;, the range is quite astonishing. When bands like Matching Mole, Soft Machine and Caravan settle into a complex time signature like 13/4 or 7/8, you know you're there for the rest of the track. With National Health you'll be lucky if it lasts more than a few bars. Seriously though, if I had to make do with listening to just album for the rest of my life, this would be it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UA2', u"Although most of the people consider &quot;The Dark Side of The Moon&quot; the band's artwork (and i do not disagree), this LP confirms Floyd's capability to compose and perform any kind of songs that take you to a place full of ships, bells and madmen. You can listen to the whole LP, leting yourself go on a free falling from the happiest sunny mountain, through the darkest rainny forest, to a yellow moon that cracks right above your head.  If you're deep down, and want to take a strange long trip, but still carying your sorrow with you, this is the LP, and, definitelly, this is your group; the masters of the alter-ego."))
(5.0, (u'B000006Z6K', u'Five stars, but Tri Repetae++ (also by Autechre) is still slightly better. Chiastic Slide starts out like a hard unpredictable wind of noise and unrecognizeable sounds; an uncertain beat finds its way; the picture comes into focus and slowly it settles into a form that is bearable, though never comforting or secure. The mood, that starts to build from there is much the same as on Tri Repetae++; melancholy to the point of suicide.  The listener is sent rotating somewhere helplessly alone, disturbed and bombarded with chaotic irregular fragments of sounds that could once have had meaning in someones life, in some industrial production or just as events sparking reactions - but Autechre leaves their sounds none of this meaning, every reference to something real is broken and twisted beyond recognition. Some days its a fantastic nescecary voyage into something completely unknown, a beautiful and melancholic place where nothing is certain. Other days it is a place of angst and death, and on those days there is nothing worse in the world than Autechre. When other techno/industrial artists like Kraftwerk or Einst&uuml;rzende Neubauden creates a sound, it refers to something known like a pocket calculator, an air-strike alarm or a chainsaw held to a volksvagen. With Autechre you are never given pictures to understand the sounds - only the music as a whole stand out with idea and direction. The only comparison is early Jeff Mills (Waveform Transmissions), but Autechre has no pounding beat or progressive rythms.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000058MX', u"This is a great &quot;first&quot; CD for those new to Ani, and a must have for fans.  The 31 tracks range from snippets of onstage banter with audiences to very visceral and moving performances of new and old songs.  The performances are inspired.  In her studio albums you can appreciate her lyrics and phrasing, but in these live cuts you are rocked not only by what Ani has to say as a woman but how she says it.  Her unique and strong personality lights up the room when the music hits the air.  You will be encouraging friends to borrow this CD to share your experience. The music is a surprising hybridization of hip-hop, folk rock, scat jazz, and performance art.  Ani's guitar work is impressive and all songs are artfully grounded with spare bass and percussion.  This album is well worth the purchase price.  You will listen to it for hours, days, and months."))
(5.0, (u'B000005918', u"Occupying that hazily defined area (chamber folk?) populated by works like Van Morrison's Astral Weeks, Nick Drake's Five Leaves Left, Joe Henry's Shuffletown, and vintage Ronnie Lane, Once in a Blue Moon is a triumph of songwriting and performance.  While Lal Waterson's background is in the British traditional folk scene, the album branches in many different directions from those formidable roots.  It retains the rough-hewn vocal beauty that makes hers one of Britain's greatest voices, but instrumentally it is a shadowy, minimal affair, with her son's fluid electric guitar playing to the fore, building from valley to denouement in nearly complete sympathy with the lyrics and vocal.  It is a &quot;blue&quot; album much like Abbey Lincoln's Abbey Is Blue, in that it is quiet, reflective, lyrically inventing and challenging, and ultimately joyful because of these things.  It is the closest thing to a perfect album that I've heard in the 90s, one that will be whispered about reverently in 20 years."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FDQ', u"Icarus' Dream Suite is my second favorite song of all time, behind only Rainbow's Gates of Babylon.  This opus has a beautiful lilting metal guitar melody with Harpsichord kicking in half way through ever so lightly in the background.  While I don't claim to have the scoop on this song, I notice that the song seems to follow a succession that would correspond to:  Daedalus and Icarus get sentenced to Minotaur Isle, Daedalus and Icarus conceive of building Wings, Daedalus and Icarus build wings, Icarus falls, Daedalus grieves, but Icarus flies in the afterlife.  This of course is only my interpretation.  I met a couple of ladies at college who were familiar with Yngwie.  They asked me what my favorite song was, and I responded &quot;Icarus' Dream&quot;, to which they both immediately gasped, &quot;THE SEX SONG!?!&quot;  I suppose interpretation is the thing that makes music ours.Just a few more comments.  Yngwie Malmsteen is known for being anti-Christian.  Their are few lyrics on this album, and none of them had the anti-Christian sentiments that I've heard on his other albums.  I told a Christian friend of mine that he'd like this album.  He blew it off because he knew it was Yngwie.  Later I blasted it in the Dorm, he walked in and said, &quot;This is awesome! Who is this?&quot;  The look of disappointment was crushing.  If this may be a problem for you I'd say go ahead and buy this album and skip his others.  If you're not particularly offended that Malmsteen holds opinions of his own, get all of his albums.  This is by far his best, though.Actually, I think it's anybody's best.  It's amazing the multi-dimensionality he portrays on this album.  Similar to Mozart, although he bullets J. S. Bach on his thanks list.I've given another review, where I list my three way tie for Greatest Album ever, under Tony MacAlpine's Maximum Security who's music styling on that album are similar to Yngwie's.  Refer to that review for more information on the style.  If this style is new to you, and you're l! ooking for a tester, I recommend  this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FME', u"I have a tough time deciding if this, Yngwie Malmsteen's Rising Force (not Rising Force Marching Out), or Iron Maiden's Seventh Son is my favorite album of all time.  I keep vascilating, but these are all AWESOME albums.  Something to warn you of my tastes though.  Similar to Yngwie Malmsteen, Tony MacAlpine enjoys combining classical with metal.  Imagine if Mozart had been born in the 1960s-70s and played guitar in a Metal Band.  I've heard studies state that listening to Mozart has been shown to raise IQ points.  If this blend of Metal and Classical might interest you, buy it and see if your IQ jumps.  I'd like to thank my Hawaiian friend Nandana for pointing out this album to me back at Purdue."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LU8', u"For albums like this, you really need more than five stars. To find an equal to it, you'd have to go to the Beatles's &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; or the Greatful Dead's &quot;American Beauty&quot; or Dire Straits's &quot;Brothers in Arms&quot; or Paul Simon's &quot;Graceland.&quot; No lie. It's that good. Just about every track has a surprise, something to throw you off balance just when you thought you knew where the song was going. And it all works, thanks to absolutely dead-on drumming and vocals, and lyrics that you'll actually find worthwhile to listen to. It's been years since I've heard a group pack so many distinct styles and tempi on one disc. If this CD were vinyl, I'd be on my tenth copy by now."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MF9', u"Well, yes.  This is simply the ultimate in surreal mood music. Lynch and Baladamenti will float you away on a bluesy wave of melancholy.  The third song on the album has Jimmy Scott singing &quot;The Sycamore Trees&quot; -- a special import to this soundtrack from Twin Peaks' last episode.  &quot;A Real Indication&quot; has Badalamenti himself supplying the lyrical equivalent of an out-of-the-body experience.  Then Julie Cruise makes an appearance with &quot;Questions In A World of Blue,&quot; Laura Palmer's tragic goodbye.  Then the album moves into a brief but terrifying trip through hell with &quot;The Pink Room&quot; and &quot;The Black Dog Runs at Night.&quot;  And finally the whole dizzying ride levels out with some of that good old Twin Peaks slowdance, music for sweet dreams."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AHB', u"A friend recommended this to me and with hesitation I thought why not do it.  I went to a big chain and bought it.  Every impression I had of the Byrds (Turn!Turn!Turn!, Eight Miles High) changed with this album.  I honestly didn't know that the Byrds could accomplish this, but they did and how.  With one listen I was hooked.  The three part harmony of Roger (nee Jim) McGuinn, Chris Hillman, and newbie Gram Parsons struck a chord in me.  I wanted more and more.  I couldn't stop listening to it.  Three tracks stand out on this album: &quot;You Ain't Going Nowhere&quot;, &quot;Hickory Wind&quot;, and &quot;Pretty Boy Floyd&quot;.  I guarantee with one listen you will be hooked as well."))
(5.0, (u'B000002X0Z', u"When I first listened to this album I  didn't really like it except for the  singles, namely GOD Pt. III and Front  Lines.  Those songs are just great, with  incredible beats, choruses, and lyrics.  Then I listened to the album again and  it grew on me.  This album is just a  great followup to their previous album,  The Infamous.  Hardcore gangsta rap fans have to own this album.  Guest stars  include Raekwon, Method Man, Nas, Big  Noyd.  To tell you the truth the guest  stars don't really do their best  performances but Mobb Deep makes up for  it.  Other great tracks include Drop A  Gem on 'Em and Apostle's Warning.  If  you like this album also check out Big  Noyd's EP, which is virtually a Mobb Deep album."))
(5.0, (u'B000000F7Q', u"Jello Biafra from the Dead Kennedys and Alien Jourgensen from Ministry, what a scray combination! And it works on most tracks. The cover or 'They're Coming To take Me Away(Ha ha)' is a gem. 'Can God Fill Teeth?' is suitably hilarious with Biafra's spoken word ranting about conspiracy theories involving bugging devices; 'Forkboy' is an adrenaline rush of pure punk thrash and 'Bozo Skeleton' is a stab at censorship and the Washington Wives . . . scary to think that Tipper Gore will be First Lady one day! Why should we be told what we can and can't listen to! Jello Biafra, in all his musical projects has never pandered to the masses, and he never will. Quite right too. The only duff track on the album is 'I Am Your Clock', which gets tediously drawn out, like some second-rate copy of early Swans sado-mnasochistic slow noise onslaught. But on the whole, an essential purchase for DKs and Ministry fans! Check out 'Drug Raid At 4AM' too, with its satirical, heavy industrial stab at overenthusiastic cops!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000JO3', u"&quot;Hah!&quot; I can hear Ian MacKaye spitting at me. What it means, I don't know. For a one-time suburban kid who happened to date a skater betty for a year or so, this album cleared out my sinuses for all time. No one had more righteous attitude than Ian, and no one yelled it better. Coming from the likes of Pink Floyd, though, I found it a bit jarring at first, but it sinks in, and now there's really nothing to compare with it. I heard this one before Never Mind the Bollocks Here's The Sex Pistols, and to be quite truthful, Johnny Rotten and Co. nearly sound like a frat band compared with Minor Threat. There's just enough melody here to coax a first-time listener in, especially toward the end, and...well, what else can I say? It's probably the best punk album of all time...certainly the best hardcore punk album, and you don't even need to be straight-edge to love it. Absolutely essential."))
(5.0, (u'B000007U5J', u"Before you die, do yourself a favour and see this band live.  An aussie 'Pub Band' the hunters have a unique sound and are well worth having a listen to.  If you enjoy raw, rock and roll this album is for you.  The track 'When the river runs dry' is an australian classic, and 'throw your arms around me' is a rock and roll ballad which should cry out to every man who has ever had a lover pass in the night.  This album is the quintessential HUNTERS.  If you purchase it you will not be dissappointed.  Unfortunately the HUNTERS have disbanded for now so this album is a collectors item....Pray the reform."))
(5.0, (u'B0000004TR', u"I still miss Rich whom I never met , I still cry when I listen to the prophetic 'Elijah' - if you ever need encouragement in your christian walk, honest down to earth wit and wisdom, uplifting musicianship, a dash of the hammer dulcimer and a heart that cries out to know its Creator (listen to the stunning 'Calling out your Name') or a voice resonant with truth ( while the nations rage, creed), a musician unafraid to confront his fallible self and to find grace in a graceless world (hold me jesus, sometimes by step), this is an excellent introduction to his folky-rocky music - a fine collection of some of his best songs which will send you scarpering after his earlier releases. A fitting legacy to a wonderful ragamuffin"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KAT', u"Much of the time I have no idea what Van is singing about on this record, though I know EXACTLY what he's saying. This is as personal a visionary expression as rock and roll has ever produced. The record is simply a genre all its own blending jazz, blues, folk, romance, mysticism, and a kind of holy eroticism in a truly singular manner. This record is remarkable in many respects, not the least of which is its ability to transport the listener to an ethereal netherworld while at the same time making the listener all the more conscious of the very blood flowing through one's veins: &quot;you breathe in; you breathe out/you breathe in; you breathe out...&quot; A truly wonderful record."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KOW', u"After the kinks invented power rock with &quot;You Really Got Me&quot; and &quot;All of the Day and All of the Night&quot;; and after they established Ray Davies lyrical abilities with social satires like &quot;A Well Respected Man&quot;,&quot;Sunny Afternnon&quot; &amp; &quot;Dedicated Follower of Fashion&quot;; and after they had fallen out of fashion while creating some of the best and earliest thematic song cycle albums in rock &quot;The Village Green Preservation Society&quot; and &quot;Arthur&quot;, and after they created one of the great unknown records in pop history &quot;Waterloo Sunset&quot;; the Davies's brothers, Ray and Dave, made one of the finest records I've ever heard, featuring an unforgetable smash hit single (their first in years) &quot;Lola&quot;, one of the best gender bender ditties of all times and a song so good it sounds inevitable.  The rest of the record features great songs about work, money, power, the music business and running around the jungle eating bananas.  Every cut is pure pop brilliance and the lyrics would do Cole Porter proud.  &quot;It's Top of the Pops.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B00000273S', u"This album, musically, is really where Diesel and Dust should start.Well, okay--not really. Still, that should give fans of that album some idea of the accessibility and power of this album. Add a bit of punk, and you've got it. Thematically, it carries anti-nuclear views, especially on the harrowing lyrics of &quot;Blossom and Blood.&quot; &quot;Progress,&quot; though, is one of the most inspiring songs in the Oils' catalog. Peter Garrett yowls: &quot;Say yes to a real life ambition/Say yes to our hopes and our plans/Forget about your indecision/Let's get the beast off our land,&quot; then proceeds to compel you to do so. The other two songs are equally strong. Despite the fact that this is merely an EP, it is as essential as the two albums released both before and after it."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OIT', u"This is one &quot;boss&quot; collection that puts to rest the old pessimistic saying: &quot;you can't go home again&quot;. Memory Lane is NOT a dead-end street, but is in fact a super highway which you can cruise via this 7-disc set. This music caused us to walk around with a transistor radio stuck in our ear. This music was king before FM radio became cool. The box set contains 160 of the greatest hits from the 70's, plus an unbelievable collector's book, featuring clips about the artists, the songs, and what was going on in America at that time. Whoever thought up the packaging with the cover made up of a smiley face mini shag carpet deserves a raise of major proportions. On a scale of 1-10, I give it an unqualified 11. Buy it...you'll love it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JF3', u"National Public Radio's &quot;All Things Considered&quot; for years has occasionally played snipets of Bird's Lament (or something so close I can't tell the difference) as a musical interlude.  They even once had an on-air plea for help from a man who had lost his favorite Moondog album in a divorce settlement.  Personally having searched for close to five years for an original album with the lament, I am finally at peace -- this will do.  I'm certainly not a critic but Bird's Lament is two minutes of fascinating music.  The entire CD is great.  Not a &quot;clunker&quot; on the whole thing!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JWU', u"I have listened to a lot of albums and I can't recall one that has so many excellent individual tracks.  Matchbox 20 displays great range with some pure, hard beat rock in Push, Real World and some sensitive ballads in Hang and Cody.  Excellent mix of electric and acoustic guitar work.  Rob Thomas's vocals show nice range and great emotion.  I had the chance to see a video of a Matchbox 20 concert and these guys  put on a great show - hard working and having a lot of fun doing it - that sure comes through in their music.  You gotta get this one"))
(5.0, (u'B000002IRS', u"The African-American contribution to music is the most signifcant cultural achievement of the 20th century.  But lest you think this set a big, boring history lesson, let me warn you.  I played this in my car and sang and stomped like a madman the whole way back and forth to Cleaveland.  Kids in passing cars looked at me funny.  But *I'm telling you* it's Ray Charles.  It's Aretha Franklin.  It's Otis Redding.  It's the Drifters.  C'mon!!  It's every emotion known to humankind, packaged in a driving beat and beautiful medley.  There is nothing finer - not even at twice the price."))
(5.0, (u'B000007OJ9', u"The BBC sessions show us Jimi at his most realxed,  at least from the relatively little that I have heard by him, but obviously his best. The music on these two cds, while mostly alternate takes, is a must have for any even nominal Jimi fan. My collection is in an infancy with the five majors and few raritys on LP, but I know alternate takes of common songs don't normally get me this worked up. There was something extra special in the air on the days Jimi et al were recording these tracks. They had fun and you can hear it. But as always, Jimi is about the music and he gets right in under your skin just as well as he does with Band Of Gypsies version of &quot;Machine Gun.&quot; Jimi's mastery shines through here all the more because he is relaxed and having a good time and it all comes through."))
(5.0, (u'B000004766', u"With Getz, Gillespie, Oscar Peterson, Max Roach, Ray Brown and Herb Ellis all playing together, how could a session go wrong.  It doesn't on this exceptional collection of cuts from these six masters.  Mixing standards like &quot;It don't mean a thing&quot; with jam sessions like &quot;Impromptu&quot;, this group sounds like they had been gigging together for years, but this was a one-time-only gathering.  The interplay between Getz and Gillespie is comparable to Davis &amp; Coltrane with the exception that both Stan and Diz are unquestioned virtuosos who never step on each other's riffs.  The real treat on this album, besides the amazing clarity, is &quot;Siboney&quot;.  It provides a glimpse of the CuBop and Bossanova sounds that the two headliners would popularize in the coming years.  If you like small, tight jazz ensembles, you MUST get this album"))
(5.0, (u'B000005DXF', u"Wonderful songwriting that, though dark at times, never depresses the listener.  As if the powerful songwriting wasn't enough, Brown's voice (which often begs comparison to Dylan's) gives each song not only life but a soul.  Unfortunately buried as the CDs final song, the beautifully haunting &quot;Insignificant&quot; owes as much to Brown's road weary vocals as to the impassioned lyrics.Walking an invisible tightrope between Roots Rock, Folk and Country, Brown resists being nailed to the cross of a single musical genre, but rather draws on each whenever and whereever the song requires.  If it seems like I keep stressing the songs here it's because I am - it's what this CD is all about.  Though the performances are strong throughout it's the songs themselves that shine.This CD will not disappoint you.  Here's hoping that we hear more from this talented singer/songwriter in the near future."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GXE', u"The original cast recording of the 1981 Broadway hit. Who would have thought that Kevin Kline could sing so well? Or that Linda Ronstadt could cross over so successfully to Gilbert and Sullivan? They're marvelous in their roles as the Pirate King and Mabel, and so are Rex Smith as Frederic and George Rose as Major-General Stanley. Especially appealing are the orchestrations by William Elliot, who makes the familiar songs fresh with synthesizers, flutes, and  piccolo. The two CDs include almost all the dialog. Could anything possibly be better? Yes! The 1982 video, if you can play the sound track through your hi-fi system. The CDs and the video earn my most enthusiastic endorsements."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LJL', u"For my money the finest period in the stellar career of Roxy Music is the middle one, sandwiched between their Eno-infused art rock origins and the more pop-oriented later years.  This era began with the brilliant, brooding masterpiece Stranded and concluded with the catchy though uneven Siren.  Between them lay the band's classic rocker Country Life.  Probably best known for its controversial album cover, Country Life nevertheless delivers a steady stream of unabashed rock 'n roll that represents the band's musical virtuosity at its finest.  Phil Manzanera's hot guitar licks and Bryan Ferry's cool crooning perfectly offset one another while Andy Mackay's chunky riffs on oboe and sax, Eddie Jobson's stylish keyboards and Paul Thompson's steady thumping keep the tempo offbeat in typical Roxy fashion.From the opening soaring strains of &quot;The Thrill of it All&quot;, Country Life sets off with a soaring energy the band rarely displayed before or after this release.  Even when the pace slows, as it does for the hypnotic &quot;Bitter-Sweet&quot;, you can cut the group's creative tension with a knife.  Country Life is not merely for the highbrow art-rock set, either.  I've turned folks who wouldn't know the Velvet Underground from Velveeta onto this record, and it's due mostly to the hard-driving rock standards such as &quot;Out of the Blue&quot;, &quot;All I Want is You&quot; and &quot;If It Takes All Night&quot;.  One for the ages."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AHC', u"It seemed that when this recording came out in early January 1968, it looked on the surface as an attempt to better the Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot;.  After I listened to it, those thoughts quickly vanished.  The Byrds fused jazz, country, and rock into a very unique and challenging masterpiece.  The band did fall apart, but for one album they evolved into a wonderful experience.  Check the opening track, &quot;Artificial Energy&quot; with its blaring phased horns followed by the poppy &quot;Goin' Back&quot;.  These two tracks will keep you listening for the whole cd.  Also the fading out of songs into the next ones are a nice touch.  The bonus tracks are great as well. &quot;Triad&quot; is wonderful as a torch ballad, plus there is a demo version of track 7 &quot;Change Is Now&quot; called &quot;Universal Mind Decoder&quot; with excellent guitar work by McGuinn.  There is also a hidden track with David Crosby and Mike Clarke fighting over how Crosby wants Clarke to drum right.  This, however, is the least satisfying thing about this wonderful masterpiece.  You will not stop listening to it.  I guarantee."))
(5.0, (u'0767803434', u"I saw this movie with my new wife the night before we flew to Egypt on the first stage of our honeymoon, and I am grateful to her for letting me watch it! It is superb. Oh, I wish Bill Clinton was more like Mr. Ford's fictional Pres! Definitely a movie to watch before flying, if you're up to it. The action scenes, production, special effects, musical soundtrack by the stalwart and excellent Jerry Goldsmith and the photography are first rate. The story is a bit silly, I mean this couldn't happen in real life, Russian renegades invading AF1 posing as reporters, but what the hell, it's just a movie!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003ADA', u"As i said the best group in rap today. Smooth Lyrics, real rap artists (ICE CUBE, MAC 10, WC)doing what they do best an album for the people not for the radio. If you like Ice cube at all buy this album NOW. The title track is just one of an album full of songs that are well written from top to bottom. This isn't an album with four songs and 17 skits it is all music.They do get in to the East/West thing as could be expected from the groups name, but they don't make slamming the competition a priority over making good music. The best Rap album i've bought in years."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KMR', u"There is a distinct difference between popularity and quality. This recording is Lena's passport to that rare place in entertainment history that only a few can be placed. Her body of work which is covered in this live recording is one of the most over looked treasures in music. She can swing, funk, and soar vocally like few others can. Backed by an all-star band that is fronted by Harold Wheeler, the Lady shows why she can lay claim to the crown that has ben bestowed on other worthy singers such as Streisand/Sinatra. Listen to track 20 and you will hear a story teller that over the decades has turned into a musican (with the help of her late husband Lennie Hayton). Unlike Minelli/Streisand/Dianh Carroll, Lena Horne can swing and she has always had attitude, the kind that Miles/Sinatra had; i'm doing it my way. In her performances you hear currents such as Mable Mercer, Bobby Short, Lady Day, Strayhorn,&amp; D.Washington  she is a singer that does not need to have ever cue or prop laid out with military percision in order to get her point across. The band; Grady Tate, John Faddis, Cecil Bridgewater, &amp; Micheal Brecker, just to name a few weave magic while they having fun. The audience is in the palm of her hand and recorded with the correct balance so they don't get in the way. Recorded on Broadway some 17 years ago (it still sounds fresh)she jams! Trust me buy the CD, dim the lights, turn off the phone, kick back and enjoy it! I can't wait until &quot;Natures Baby&quot; (Buddah) &amp; &quot;Lena A New Album w/ Phil Woods&quot; (RCA) are released on CD"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062GE', u"Two words descibe this album: Powerful and Catchy. Every song on the album has its own unique sound, and most of the songs are excellent. &quot;Everything I Touch&quot;, Track 2 on the album uses the words &quot;Everything I touch I break&quot;, sung in a very catchy way, and makes you feel SW's helplessness in the song. &quot;Save Yourself&quot; has experienced a lot of radio play. &quot;Haunting Me&quot; is also very catchy. My personal favorite is track 8, &quot;Torn Apart&quot;.  The lyrics are the type that I can relate to, as can anybody (if they try). Overall, I say this album is great...definitely buy this if you liked &quot;Wither, Blister, Burn &amp; Peel&quot;. You will enjoy it."))
(5.0, (u'B0000069NK', u"Charlie Haden has produced a large number of duet recordings in the few years. The Pat Metheney collaboration &quot;Beyond the Missouri Sky&quot; from 1997 being the most noteworthy but a group of spirituals and hymns recorded with the pianist Hank Jones is no less a success. There is also a new recording with the Chicago pianist Chris Anderson which is at the same high level as those I've mentioned.The reason for the success of these projects lies in the fact that Charlie Haden is one of the most open, sympathetic and generous musicians on the planet. Haden draws the best from his recording partners by taking enormous effort to insure these projects remain true collaborations. An incredibly accomplished player, Haden is nonetheless very subtle in his approach. There is little in his playing which gets in the way of his service to the actual music. By that I mean Haden is confident enough in his conception that he does not feel the need to fill space with virtuoso displays of technique or lengthy solos.These discs all work because they are foremost conversations between musical coequals. &quot;Night and the City&quot; is a particular success in my opinion because it so ably illustrates the principles of cooperation and collaboration. I won't go into a lengthy description of the contents of the CD as the most important key to this project is that in Kenny Barron Haden has found an entirely sympathetic partner. Barron is an elegant player, sophisticated yet never glib. Each note he plays speaks and tells its own tale. The tunes themselves, mainly standards, are secondary to the high level of give and take the two musicians engage in. Mainly ballads, the pieces unfold in a deliberate, unrushed pace, conversational in tone and volume. For me, the one piece that makes the CD really special (and practically worth the price of the disc itself) is an absolutely elegant, spare yet vaguely enigmatic version of &quot;Spring Is Here&quot;. Highly recommended."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HAF', u"See, when you first listen to Doolittle, you say to yourself &quot;my, this is fantastic.&quot; When you first listen to surfer rosa you say to yourself &quot;I can't wait to listen to Doolittle again.&quot; But you must perservere. Because in the end, the songs you thought were noise, become so melodic they break your body with pleasure. And they keep growing and growing and growing on you until you start to desire running abord a ship that is never coming back, with one possesion in your hand. This album. And then you can lament for your abondoned love and her blood and sweat. Because somehow, they remind you of something..."))
(5.0, (u'B000000XG2', u"When I first saw Fritz the Cat, I was consciously aware of the wonderful soundtrack that was assembled for that landmark picture.  Unfortunately, the vinyl soundtrack was impossible to locate not very many years following its initial release.  The original music scored specifically for the film is almost uniformly charming, with genuine hipness.  Classics also abound interlaced within the film.  Billie Holiday's rendition of the genre standard &quot;Yesterdays&quot; is a very underappreciated and overlooked example of her talent.  It stands out as a strong and typical of her style, yet being relatively unfamiliar to most, the ear is treated to enjoying the singer more than the song.  This track alone was exceedingly difficult to locate on vinyl for many years as the Verve catalogue was not on the shelves.  Bo Diddley's Bo Diddley is also not heard enough these days.  Most under 30 would swear upon listening that this was either Mick Jagger or his imitator, which is awfully ironic.  The accompanying Heavy Traffic soundtrack which was aptly paired with Fritz, is also musically interesting.  It must go down as a recording with perhaps the highest number of disparate Scarborough Fair recordings (3 very different).  It also has a few great old chestnuts and wonderful original music.  I was surprised to recall Brubeck's Take Five on here.I'd recommend this to anyone interested in lounge, transitional jazz, and just plain 70s period sounds.  There's so much breadth to this that the tracklist on the liner appears odd at a glance.  But it all comes out with decent flow and presentation.  The original liner notes to Fritz are right in their assessment that the soundtrack stands up independently to the film itself.  You are  &quot;hep&quot; if you listen to this CD and appreciate  it."))
(5.0, (u'B0000015IE', u"This german group makes music and, in despite of the labels (dance music, classic...) Popol Vuh integrates influiences of the Orient and Ocident (especially in this CD City Raga the ancient latin american musical tradition (maia, azteca, inca) and in my opinion is a classical music, a music that inscribes the human nature. City Raga is strange, dancing, reflexive, a mistery. There's other groups in this tradition of work (like Cirque du Soleil, Dead Can Dance, the brazilian group Karnak  and others). A beautiful and special  CD demonstrating that is possible the music after Beethoven in despite of Beethoven or because of his Masterpiece oeuvre..."))
(5.0, (u'B00000257T', u"This follow-up to &quot;Teaser&quot; is dark and smokey, with  chilling references to what would become Tommy's end.  His solo break in &quot;Shake The Devil&quot; is probably the most ferocious and terrifying rock guitar statement ever recorded.  On &quot;Gypsy Soul&quot;, he plays very inventive and jazzy lines on acoustic, floating over the changes effortlessly.  &quot;Hello Again&quot; evokes the mysticism of the Orient, and &quot;PostToastie&quot; warns to &quot;Leave the corpse in the pit...&quot;  Unfortunately, Tommy died shortly after the release of this album.  It used to be difficult to find a copy of the album with the original sleeve - a great shot of Tommy wearing the shirt with his handpainted likeness that he wore the last night of his life.  I saw that same shirt in a glass case in his parent's house many years later."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LSF', u"I am a young spirited 30-year professor with cal state university, hayward, and the coordinator of a significant counseling program.  I want to use Jane Siberry's recording &quot;When I Was A Boy&quot;  in my teaching of graduate students.  The album, in conjunction with franklin's &quot;strangers and angels&quot; will be central to my teaching of existential-ontological pespectives for therapeutic helping.  Siberry's treatment of human authenticity and the givens of being/nonbeing are supurb.  Most importantly: &quot;When I Was A Boy&quot; is simply beautiful.  After listening to it time and again, i am still deeply and personally moved by her song and lyric.  It's wonderful.  Jane Siberry's &quot;When I Was A Boy&quot; is one of three albums that i listen to intently, fully, and repeatedly."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NIE', u"I saw The Metheny group perform the new album last November in Montreal and, having seen Metheny many times over the years in different settings (including when he was with Gary Burton), it was the best show he's done.  The core quartet is the best its ever been, and Lyle Mays was doing amazing things with his midi-d grand piano.  The material in the show was primarily the new album and material from the 'Travels' era - my two favourite.As for the album, the diversity is great, and Metheny has finally moved away from albums which, while still good, have been getting closer and closer to the 'smooth jazz' format that really rankles me.  He's using technology better than ever (fretless classical guitar using a Roland GK hookup to a Roland VG-8 so he can go from the classical sound to a distorted solo in the title track is awesome), especially to see live.This album may disturb some people who prefer the smooth  jazz of albums like &quot;We Live Here&quot;, but as a statement of a new direction and diversity, this album is a real watershed for the group."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AIO', u"If you are looking for an album which will remind you how good things used to be, and still can be, you have found the right album.  This collection features the most famous and loved tunes that Mr. Sinatra immortalized during the 40's.  These are the songs you can listen to over and over again.  You can hear and feel Frank's youth and innocence contrasted against the sometimes cold hardships of his life (and your own).  If you are looking for the cream of Sinatra but don't want to pay $100-200 for a complete box-set collection, this is your set.  Since aquiring these CD's I have not listened to anything else.  They're that good!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002BWR', u"It is such a great CD, everyone should get it.  Bad Horsie is probably my favorite song.  If anyone has ever wondered if there is a guitar player that no one can quite equal, the answer to that question is Steve Vai.  Tender Surrender has the greatest guitar solo of all time.  I repeat, if you like guitar music, BUY THIS CD!!!  Vai's Fire Garden is much longer, and has more extreme moments of virtuosity (Fire Garden Suite, for example), but ALS was the first Steve Vai CD I bought, and it is a good starting point for anyone unfamiliar to Vai's music."))
(5.0, (u'B000003S5H', u"i fell in love with air at first listen - it was a panned video on mtv's awful creation known as &quot;12 angry viewers&quot; (&quot;sexy boy,&quot; that is) and i loved it...especially the floating monkey.  so i went out and bought it, fell in love with &quot;la femme d'argent.&quot;  my french teacher mocked the french for their eccentric taste in music (citing &quot;sexy boy,&quot; and playing a sample) and i fought back.  i played it endlessly and i brought it to work one night (i work in a coffee shop) and i accidently left it there over the weekend, and when i came back it was gone...along with 2 ani cds...but i like air enough that i'll go out and buy it again..."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZCX', u"&quot;Winter in America&quot; is the album that put Gil Scott-Heron on the map. &quot;The Bottle&quot; got lots of mainstream R&amp;B airplay during the summer of 1974.  We danced to it but we also heard the message. &quot;Winter in America&quot; provides a compelling insight into American sociology.  Gil sings/talks/raps about contemporary and historical issues of importance to Black America.  Political.  Powerful. &quot;H2Ogate Blues&quot; is a metaphorical masterpiece.  At the same time, Gil shows his mellow side on cuts that include &quot;Your Daddy Loves You&quot; and &quot;A Very Precious Time&quot;.  The bonus tracks are live versions of Gil's best. Begining with &quot;Winter in America&quot; (not originally on this album), Gil tells of &quot;frozen aspirations&quot;, to &quot;The Bottle/Guan Guanco&quot; that reprises his 1974 hit and talks of rebirth - this CD is a perfect re-introduction to the timeless music of Gil Scott-Heron."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KOV', u"From the opening of &quot;This is the Rock,&quot; someone knows something big is up. This time, for Fleetwood Mac, was when they were a boogie-up beat band following Mick's mesmerizing rhythms, Christine's melodies waving like sea-mist in the wind. There's a Jeremy? I should remember, I read the liner notes enough, but this music is captivating. I have not gotten  too much of this whole album. When &quot;Jeweled-eyed Judy&quot; plays, I am suddenly younger to an era when rock was simple, direct, and everyday life. Rock told the feelings of our love, like, &quot;Tell Me All the Things You Do.&quot; Listen, and marvel that even then, Fleetwood Mac sounded so good."))
(5.0, (u'B000002826', u"This collection is a very excellent example of the great Marty Robbins' work, with the very best and most well remembered songs written and performed by one of the greatest of country music.For those who wish to complete their classic country collections or those who want to be introduced to the great roots of country, this is an excellent foundation from which to build or a great starting point from which to learn about the country genre.Every song in this excellect 2 CD collection is a timeless classic and a gem of the country music world.  A must have for all country music lovers.Marquetta Pisarcik"))
(5.0, (u'B000000PC9', u"This CD, like Dykes previous &quot;Fingerstyle Guitar&quot; is a marvel of technique, speed, and emotion. Yes, Dykes can make a guitar talk, at times rollicking, others reflective, again joyous and fun-loving. He shows off his chops, and while he tips his hat to influences like Chet Atkins, Jerry Reed, Leo Kottke, and others, he is definitely his own man, with an instantly identifiable style. On one tune he even manages to do enough string bending to sound like an homage to the master of the five-string banjo, Earl Scruggs. Anyone who loves guitars will love this CD. It ain't rock, it ain't country, and it sure ain't jazz--it's Doyle Dykes, and it is worth it at twice the price."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UJQ', u"These are some words to describe this CD:  Amazing, riveting, beatiful, revolting (because it's so true), majestic, mezmorizing ... I could go on forever.  Thom's lyrics, his voice, the music, it's just all so amazing.  You can't stop listening to it.  I have heard some of their older stuff, but I was never a big fan.  I just thought they were good music, but nothing to rant and rave about.  When I first heard all of the reviews for OK Computer, before hearing the music, I thought, &quot;What a bunch of crap!&quot;  They're a good band, but not THAT good.  I thought the critics were being just like they always are:  useless.  But, when I bought the CD (just for the hell of it, to decide for myself) I knew they were all right.  It was the best CD of all time.  It's pure genious."))
(5.0, (u'B000000WEX', u"I have been a fan of Janet's since &quot;Rhythm Nation&quot; and had been eagerly awaiting the release of this album. I was in no way dissapointed.&quot;The Velvet Rope&quot; is Janet's most personal and best album ever. The album is connected with interludes to keep the album flowing from start to finish. Janet uses her music to address so many important and relevant topics in today's society. The album progresses wonderfully from one song to another. The best thing you can say about an artist is that every song on their album is as good as their singles. Every song on &quot;The Velvet Rope&quot; is as good as the singles released thus far. Janet is a superstar who reinvents her self every step of the way. This album breaks away from commercial pop and far exceeds every single work of music out there. Words can not do it justice. Some highlights are &quot;Together Again&quot; which is a tribute to a loved one who has passed away. It is upbeat and hopeful which contrasts everything else out there. &quot;You&quot; is a slammin' track about not living life for anyone else but yourself. &quot;Everytime&quot; is a mellow and touching ballad about the fears of falling in love. The song &quot;Special&quot; is an soul searching track about the need we feel to love ourselves and is Janet's most personal and beautiful song to date. If you did not already, buy this album. You will not be disappointed!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y4W', u"I've had this cd since early 97 and it is my duty as a NO DOUBT fan to give praise to the best cd that's come from the band IMHO.  ALL of the songs on the album are pure genious!! Tom's influencial guitar playing, Tony's awesome bass playing, Adrian's drums, Eric's kick@ss keyboard, and of course, the sweet siren sound of Gwen!!! And i have to give props to Gabe McNair and Phil Jordan's horn playing! And of course mention Steven Bradley, the new horn player, for his awesome interperetations of the music! No Doubt is honestly one of the best bands out there today and i wholeheartedly recommend BSC!!! It's got a little bit of everything for everyone!! 'Total Hate 95' features the late Bradley Nowell of Sublime and his part is so rad! The whole cd is just a feel-good cd. 'Snakes' is one of my favs as is 'By The Way' and 'Stricken'. Wait a sec!! All the songs of BSC are favorites!!! If you're a 'sort-of' fan of No Doubt, i recommend picking up the cd. It'll make a fan of you for sure!!  Also, if ND ever comes to your town for a concert, go check 'em out! their shows are so pumped and full of energy. It's a must-see event!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000025GW', u"This album has special meaning for me -- it was the first album I ever bought!  When I first listened to it (probably 10 years ago) I was immediately disappointed with the gospel/Christian tone and lyrics, and was put off by what I considered &quot;preachy&quot; music.  As the years rolled by, however, and my exposure to Dylan's music increased, this album rose in my estimation.  Now I consider it &quot;a real winner.&quot;  Unlike albums which provide pleasure immediately, but whose bloom quickly fades, &quot;Slow Train&quot; grows on the listener.  I think that this album is full of good songs, such as &quot;Man Gave Names to All the Animals&quot; (the song is a real delight) and &quot;Gotta Serve Somebody&quot; -- fun to sing, fun to listen to, fun to imagine Dylan singing.  It is a well written and entertaining set.  Sure, sure, there are Christian undertones in the lyrics, but they don't necessarily take away from the song.  I think that, for me, the delay in appreciation was due to my early wariness about the Christian message Dylan was, no doubt, offering.  Now I recognize these aspects of the album, but am not threatened by them.  I suppose that this album, to a large degree, can be thought of as a page out of Dylan's diary.  While all albums provide windows into the author's psyche, this particular work is, I think, an especially clear portal to an especially interesting mind."))
(5.0, (u'B000002H33', u"When I first listened to this record, I wasn't sure if it is really the same Metallica who recorded &quot;Load&quot;. This album is the most incredible thing that I have ever listened to. You can hear there influence of Black Sabbath (for me nothing strange, Sabbaths are just the best), specially on &quot;Damage inc&quot; &amp; &quot;Battery&quot;. I think that in 1986 drugs really worked for Metallica. Song &quot;Master of puppets&quot; is the best example. In my opinion this is the best Metallica's album and they will never record anything like this anymore. Perhaps if Cliff didn't die.... If anyone wants to get in touch with me just write to my adresse."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G4U', u"This cd is a rare bird. Emotional and honest. Stripped to the bone and poetically beautiful. Slightly country folk feel but don't let that stop you as this record is REAL.  How many artists can you think of that can carry an entire 40 minute album with only an acoustic guitar? Of course she has such an amazing voice she could perform WITHOUT a guitar! She will pierce your soul with the first track 'MOSES'  and rip your heart out with 'EVERY LITTLE BIT'. The 7th track 'FORGIVENESS' is in my opinion one the most beautiful songs ever written. It moves me everytime I hear it. I put it up there with the Stones 'Wild Horses'. She is an artist for the 90's, with the capability to help bridge the gap between country, folk and mainstream rock. If we let her!  Give this record a listen, and you'll thank me for it. Also check out 'SCOTT THOMAS BAND - CALIFORNIA'."))
(5.0, (u'B000002W2K', u"On their third album, the Cowboy Junkies come into their own as one of the finest bands to emerge in the 1980's. Unreasonably labelled melancholic, the Junkies sound dwells in the shadows like a haunting country tune coming through a late night AM station somewhere in Nebraska. This album marks the emergence of Michael Timmins as a brilliant songwriter who has the ultimate luxury in a sister who can sing any line and make it beautiful (&quot;it's so cold when you spit/it freezes before it hits the ground&quot;). The album unfortunately slipped through the cracks of the musical landscape when it was released. However, it would be tough to return to 1990 and find a stronger collection of songs released in that year."))
(5.0, (u'B000005HQU', u"This c.d. is one of the best c.ds that you can buy. It's perfect for all types of differnt music like alterntive, mellow and easy listing just to name a few.It's great for partys or just listing to it on your disk man or walkman. I have three copies of Tripping daisy cd. Just in case some one wants to use it or if I take one cd on with me anywhere. This group and cd, will make you fell good when you are down or if you are felling chipper. It the best try it and even if your parents are very harsh on you about bad influnces of music on you, they will a prove of this cd and this group. When you listen to this, I hate to say (I told you so)."))
(5.0, (u'B000005DXF', u'I bought this record at the recommendation of some friends and I am happy to report that the art of song writing is not dead!  The hardest part of creating a song is not writing it but living it and Peter Brown must have done his share of living to create his songs.  No pretense here as the conviction of his words came across clearly.  The playing on the album was great and served as the perfect frame for the lyrical content.  I would strongly recommend to anyone looking for something to cleanse their musical palate to give this record a try.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000010KU', u"Klaatu had a short-lived existence, but they were one of the best Canadian bands in history.  During the band's life they were compared to the Beatles - also one of my favorite bands.This CD is the band's last. It was a departure from their earlier efforts, which were also quite varied. Their early efforts were more &quot;spacey&quot;, and had a harder edge.This is definitely one of their better CDs, but not to everyone's taste.  Many critic reviews said that this album was too mellow compared to their previous albums.My opinion is that if you like Klaatu, you'll like this album.  It's a great closure to the band's existance.- Ron Manke"))
(5.0, (u'B0000015DT', u"If you grew up in Pittsburgh in the 40's, 50's, or 60's much of your world was defined by the musical offerings on the AM radio stations KQV, WAMO, WJAS, WIXZ, WHOD, and WILY.  Complementing the air play of nationally recognized artists was the exposure given to local groups with the current or emerging local hits.The local artists were often your classmates, party pals, or just the guys who sang on street corners or gym showers.Pittsburgh's Greatest Hits does a wonderful job of capturing this special moment in time.  A few of the featured artists, i.e. Skylines, DelVikings, and George Benson gained national prominence.  Most had their 15 minutes of local fame and then faded from local icon to inconspicious adult normalcy.As American Grafitti captured southern California teen lifestyles, Pittsburgh's Greatest Hits captures the street corner harmony of the 'Burgh.For those who grew up in Pittsburgh during this special time, listening to PGH Volume 5 will evoke those special moments and memories long lost.  For others who simply appreciate good street sounds,  PGH Volume 5 will be an enjoyable musical experience.As the Pittsburgh native listens to PGH Volume 5, you almost expect to hear Porkey Chedwick, Lee Dorsey, Jerry Baldwin, Bill Powell, Terry Lee, Barry Kaye, or Mary Dee back announcing the previous cut and hyping the next appearance of group whose 45 is about to be played.PGH Volumne 5 is more than a stack of 45's on CD, it's a slick of life revisited."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GQK', u"In my opinion, this is the Moody Blues' best studio album. Although they start off with a very unusual, mostly instrumental/special effects &quot;song&quot; which appears to trace the history of humankind, from there on it is pure Moody Blues. The songs are lavish, thought-provoking, and utterly entertaining. The album has a certain &quot;Middle Earth&quot; quality to it which seems to transport the listener to another time and another place ... where things are difficult, but both hopeful and tolerable. I've listened to this album well over a hundred times since 1971, and it is probably my all time favorite of all genres."))
(5.0, (u'B000002N8Q', u"Holly Palmer's debut album reveals a singer/songwriter who refuses to be moulded into another folk singer looking to ride the Lilith wave to stardom. Sure, she has the contemplative and poetic lyrics that put in her in the same category as the Victoria Williams' of the musical landscape. However, this album goes beyond great songwriting and gives us something we rarely hear these days: great songs. The groove of &quot;Lickerish Man&quot; and the jazz inflected intro to &quot;Come Lie With Me&quot; make this an album that goes well with a quiet glass of wine or a convertible cruising down the highway on a warm summer afternoon. It's the rarest of albums in today's music: a cd that can stay in the cd player all the time. No need to skip any songs either. Holly gives us a collection of solid songs to enjoy, not a couple of singles with 30 minutes of filler. One of the brightest rising stars in music today, Holly gives hope to those who feared that strong original songs would be forever lost as we enter Puff Daddian Era of 1998."))
(5.0, (u'B000002B15', u"Excellent Josh White.Mono tracks clearly exhibit his competences and style as a bluesman.  Typical of Josh White, this collection demonstrably reflects his sympathies and commentaries on social, interpersonal and political issues of the early-mid 30's.  Also typical of Josh White, sensual double entendres abound.  Lazy Black Snake Blues will effect a knowing smile to the careful listener. The cuts with accompanying piano create a blues joint/honky tonk atmosphere.  The 20 2.5-3.0 minute songs in 'Blues Singer 1932-36' display Josh with a slight youthful edge to his voice.  It is, in my opinion, an appropriate accompaniment to the content of his messages.  In later years the youthful edge will mature into pure, smooth sensuality.His pacing, clear ennounciation, and basic rhymes allow the listener to absorb his messages while enjoying the artistry of his sound and skills.This, like many of his recordings, creates an intimacy between the artist and the listener.  Although it can be an enjoyable background, his artistry ultimately forces its way into your consciousness and demands your full attention.'Blues Singer 1932-1936' belongs in the serious blues collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BVS', u'I am giving this powerful, eclectic volume of the best gospel music I have ever heard, to friends and family members.  Everyone should buy it and listen closely to the words of wisdom and life that this veteran music innovator has created.  The first song &quot;Next in Line for a Miracle&quot; had me crying and laughing and praising God for the gift of Shirley Caesar, the Queen of Gospel.  The music is clear, new, and pure gospel.  Each time I listen to the tape I want to start shouting and dancing.  I am not a musician but I know great music when i hear it.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002WCL', u"Two brothers, their sister, and their neighbor enter a church in Toronto and emerge hours later with &quot;The Trinity Session&quot;, the only album worth saving from the decade that brought us New Kids on the Block and Milli Vanilli. The band seamlessly blends blues, country, and rock to produce a sound that defines labelling. Margo Timmins' voice whispers in your ear and leads you down a dirt road into the heart of Americana. Lou Reed, Patsy Cline, Hank Williams....their songs are interpretted in such a way that you forget what the original ever sounded like. The greatness of this album lies in the simplicity with which greatness can be captured: one microphone, one church, one day. A must have for any musical collection whether it be country, rock, blues, alternative, or folk."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WRC', u"This 2-CD set has exceptionally good liner notes (in French and English), and offers a selection of Cab's material published between 1933 and 1949. We are given alternate takes of several pieces. It covers a range of Cab's styles from serious pieces such as Evenin' (with its beautiful celesta work by Bennie Payne) to more exuberant works such as The Scat Song. We also get several songs from the Minnie the Moocher series. (We personally would not have included Cabin in the Cotton, an appallingly cheesy number, but...oh, well, it was a type.) One feature that makes this CD really stand out is the inclusion of Blanche Calloway's material. We also get some Billy Banks, a Calloway imitator of sorts.  Overall, this is a good Calloway sampler!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002TNT', u"When &quot;Gentlemen Who Fell&quot; first got airplay (albeit meager) in 1994, I was intrigued. It was catchy, but had some other depth that I couldn't quite define. So, I headed out to buy the tape. It really did become a permanent part of my listening day for quite some time. I remember mowing the lawn, jogging, washing the car, walking the dog...all while having Milla's haunting, lush music going in and out of my ears and soul.Her lyrics, her music, even the choice of instrumentation, all lend to proof that she is truely gifted with some kind of musical magic...and I have pretty rigorous standards.A little over four years later, it's my pleasure, since I've now worn out the tape, to buy the CD version.Awaiting a second album, I can only hope Milla finds time during her busy acting and modeling career to do the thing which she surely also must love."))
(5.0, (u'B000002U4U', u"Brian Wilson and crew created one of the greatest pop masterpieces ever with 1966's &quot;Pet Sounds.&quot;  The album is an introspective trip into a young person's dreams of love and what growing up might be like...only to be met with the harsh realities of the world.  Exotic, breathtaking instrumentation, vocal harmonies and complex arrangements come together in sonic perfection as only Brian Wilson can do it.  Without &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, there would not have been a &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot; (read the accompanying booklet notes).The 5 disc set includes a brand new stereo mix, vocal-only mixes and tracking sessions for the incredible instrumental tracks.  Also included are 2 detailed booklets with details galore.If you think the Beach Boys are all sun and surf, get &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; and be astounded."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RRF', u'If you have one Marillion Album it is probably this one this gave them the chart success that had eluded them and took them out of the &quot;darkness of worldwide cult status&quot;. I remember hearing a demo version of the album at The Brixton Academy in 1983/4 it was very rough and lacked a little of the honed polish of the final album but the embryonic tracks and the genre of the album were apparent.  If you are into smoking illegal substances and listening to mellow sounds then this is not your music......this is for the person who wants to get blind drunk and cry aloud and isnt afraid to do so.  To be at wembley arena and listen to 10,000 fans singing both tracks of the album (side 1 and side 2 ) word perfect was also a high point of my youth.This took the classic concept album and brought the idea up to date .....and came very very close to stealing the crown from the all time greatest album Dark Side Of the Moon...... close but not that close'))
(5.0, (u'B000005RYF', u"Mylene Farmer, one of the more commercial French singers, really impresses here with a collection of rock songs. She immediately grips the listener with the gut-wrenching kick drum on Californie. Her enchanting light vocals create a richly textured sound over the grinding bass lines and driving guitars featured in all her songs. This album features what must be my favourite Christmas song of all time. L'instant X is a Christmas song with a difference though. It rocks. There are quite a few experiments on the album with different sounding songs. Alice is for instance a charming little dance orientated rap song with her high pitched voice dancing over the drums and bass. Her voice is often overshadowed by all the effects and reverberation, but for someone who does not have a strong voice with a lot of subharmonics, it does enhance the overall vocal performance. I would recommend this album to anyone who likes European rock or French music. This album will fall in the taste of many different people with a wide variety of likes. It is commercial, but also has complicated nuances which will satisfy the more sophisticated listener"))
(5.0, (u'0767802659', u"A lot of people did not like this film because I think that they had a misconception of what the movie was supposed to be.  The criticisms I've heard (not just on here, but in general) say that they didn't like the plot/characters or that the film was to violent/gory.  I think this is mostly the fault of the studio which marketed the film poorly.These people have valid points, and I don't want to dismiss them completely, but I think they're looking at the film from the wrong point of view.Starship Troopers is a war movie.  Plain and simple.  While many try to compare this movie with &quot;Star Wars&quot; or &quot;Total Recall&quot;, it would be more accurate to put it alongside of &quot;All Quiet on the Western Front.&quot;  Starship Troopers is not meant to be touching or emotional.  Rico may seem shallow to us but in a movie overshadowed by powerful Nazi themes, he is the ultimate Lantern-Jawed Arian.  And while the other characters may seem equally obvious, we need to remember that unlike most stories where the war is the vehichle for the players, in Starship Troopers the characters are the vehicle to tell the story of the war.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000E7Q', u"Of Molloy's many recordings, this remains my favorite.  With his usual virtuosity, he performs a selection of traditional tunes ranging from the lively to the gently melancholy.  This album has a more consistent &quot;feel&quot; than most of his others:  there isn't an intense heartbreaker (like &quot;The Parting of Friends&quot; or &quot;O Rathaille's Grave&quot;), and even the jollier tunes are restrained.  But it's never dull:  the variety comes from the different timbres of his wooden flutes, and from the characteristic tones and harmonies of the accompaniment.  He's well supported here by his former Bothy Band colleagues Michael O Domhnaill (guitar) and Donal Lunny (bouzouki, synthesizer, et al.).  Molloy's phrasing is nothing short of marvelous:  the interaction between the instrument, the player, and the tune is nowhere any clearer than on a simple flute controlled by the life-energy of the breath.  Elsewhere he's compared playing the flute to walking a tightrope -- but on this album he doesn't merely walk, he dances."))
(5.0, (u'B000000LXD', u"Loreena McKennitt's second recording &quot;To Drive the Cold Winter Away&quot; is the most charming and unique recording for the holiday season.  You will not hear any versions of those same tired carols that other artists recant every year, instead prepare to be enchanted by carols and verse from traditional Irish and English songs of times past. The eighteenth and nineteenth century carols are given new life by Loreena McKennitt's incredible voice.  This recording differs from her later works such as &quot;The Book of Secrets&quot; or &quot;The Mask and Mirror&quot; in that the arrangements often consist of only her lovely voice and one or two instruments.  All the recordings were also made &quot;on location&quot; in three historic places: Glenstal Abbey, a Benedictine monastery outside of Limerick, Ireland; Annaghmakerrig, an artists retreat in the wooded county Monaghan, Ireland; and The Church of Our Lady in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.  Each place imparts a marvelous feel to the music as it resonnates through the halls.  In the final arrangement &quot;Let All That Are to Mirth Inclined&quot;  Loreena McKennitt's voice fills the halls of Glenstal Abbey over an introduction of ringing church bells. Absolute Magic!The album includes:1) In Praise of Christmas2) The Seasons3) The King4) Banquet Hall5) Snow6) Balulalow7) Let Us The Infant Greet8) The Wexford Carol9) The Stockford Carol10) Let All That Are To Mirth InclinedAlthough a collection for the holiday season, The arrangements on &quot;To Drive the Cold Winter Away&quot; are beautiful enough to be enjoyed all year round. The most enchanting melodies will be found in &quot;Snow&quot; and &quot;In Praise of Christmas&quot;. I recommend this album highly, Enjoy!"))
(5.0, (u'0812018052', u'In light of the two previous reviews, I felt compelled to add my own thoughts. It is a very good book, but lacks some information I think is essential for the beginner. The author makes little or no reference to common names of the organisms (where a common name is ascribed). This would make it difficult for the typical beginner to relate the scientific name of the organism with the common name that is usually available at the site of purchase. The author also fails to give adequate information regarding the size attained for a full grown adult specimen. This is especially important when a budding herptologist decides to embark on caring for a &quot;beginners&quot; specimen, but is not told that the animal will be two feet long as an adult. This  can be critical when one is designing a habitat.It is not at all uncommon to see beginners think of these wonderful animals as being &quot;small and cute&quot;, when in fact many of the easiest to care for become quite large.  That being said, LeBerre has certainly prepared an excellent guide, and the photos are wonderful. It is the best book out there for the layman, and does in fact rate five stars.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002KB0', u"Every time I hear this album, I am envious of those who were lucky enough to be there for the halcyon days of the dead.  From the mindbending Dark Star to the superlative St. Stephen&gt;Eleven, what more could you have asked for?  But, then begin the first notes of Lovelight, and I can envision Pigpen strolling out from stage left (where he stood in those days), grabbing the microphone and belting out THE SONG (Lovelight) on this album.  If you want to hear someone give his heart and soul to the music, just listen to this song.  No wonder he and Janis were soul mates.  Indeed, even Jerry loosens up and lets us hear it from his soul on Death Don't ... Amazingly enough, this compilation of songs spanned performances from 1/26/69 to 3/2/69.  It goes to show you how incredible this band was playing during this period.  GET THIS ALBUM, then get the bootlegs from this period."))
(5.0, (u'B000001U3K', u"&quot;Hey Babe, Take a walk on the wild side&quot;.... 1972 finds Lou Reed teaming up with the creative duo of Glittering Spiders, David Bowie and Mick Ronson. After a somewhat disappointing First solo LP, Lou finds himself poised on the brink of stardom with Bowie and Ronson at the helm this second solo effort will be Lou's introduction to mainstream America... Although the hit single from the Lp &quot;Walk on the Wild Side&quot; Would be edited, butchered and whittled down to So called &quot;Clean Versions&quot; for the tender ears of America's radio listeners... What a crime !!! But now more than 20 years later this album of poetic Street life, Vicious drag Queens and Satellite's of Love Still resounds with  the Noise and confusion of the world we inhabit today !!! Lou Reed never pulled any punches, then or now, He spoke from his Gut in raw truths and unforgettable imagery... All to &quot;Real&quot; for America circa 1972 !!! But Perhaps now here in the year of 1998, A brave few will venture into their local music store or online CD mega marts and discover this golden Slice of life called TRANSFORMER, Waiting for no one, Standing firm in all it's gender bending glory and Ingenious birth right, Standin' on the corner on another Perfect day, Untill the eyes and ears of yet another generation open wide and discover the beautiful music that will take them on a walk.... A &quot;Walk on the wild side&quot; Thanks Lou !!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062VE', u'Spacehog has done in The Chinese Album what most bands never achieve.  This album is among the most balanced I have ever heard.  From the saultry cries of &quot;Lucy lost her shoe&quot; to the upbeat blasts of &quot;2nd Ave&quot; this album has it all!  If you are an appreciator of good music, someone who searches for artists who have a true sense of composition... this album is for you.  I scowl for talented bands... I loved Radiohead when they were just Pablo Honeys, I loved Ben Folds Five before Brick, and I love Spacehog now.  This is definitely a band to watch.'))
(5.0, (u'B000006ENB', u"Margaret Becker possesses a unique musical gift that has never been more clearly reflected than on Falling Forward. Her music embodies paradoxes--expressing both tenderness and passion, vulnerability and determination, yearning and fulfillment.  It is a starkly honest expression of a human being's relationship with a God who, while loved and longed for, cannot be put into a simple box and cannot be easily defined or explained.  Rather, Margaret's words paint pictures, revealing a God who's love and constancy can truly only be described as Divine. The music, raw and with a bit of an edge and plenty of guitars, supports the lyrical bed perfectly--it is honest, unpretentious and alive."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OUY', u"The Cowboy Junkies emerge from a small cabin near Athens, GA with a scorching collection of songs that allow the listener to feel the sticky humidity of an August afternoon in the Georgia countryside. &quot;A Common Disaster&quot; was one of the grooviest songs of the year and revealed a more confident Junkies sound. The &quot;Misguided Angel&quot; Revisited song &quot;Angel Mine&quot; continues the story started ten years earlier on the band's breakthrough album &quot;The Trinity Session&quot;. The songwriting of Michael Timmins has remained consistently brilliant with each Junkies album. On this album, his guitar work takes center stage and gives the band a fuller sound. Odd, given that this album was recorded mainly as a foursome and their previous albums had incorporated much larger arrangements. A tour de force for a band that has gone realtively unnoticed by music fans for far too long."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IG8', u"If you are a big 80's rock / metal fan, than you should love these guys! I've seen them twelve times in concert and they are great. Songs include &quot;Tell Me What You Want&quot;, which has been a popular radio song for them, and others include &quot;Who's Behind the Door?&quot;, which used to be played on MTV when they actually showed ALL kinds of music videos, but thats another story. &quot;The La La&quot; song is a killer song with great vocals and nice guitar leads by Randy Jackson. A real refreshing CD to listen to if you're tired of the same ol' heavy metal! The band's sound is almost reminicant of &quot;Led Zep&quot; &amp; &quot;Kings X&quot;. This is one three peice band that has alot of talent and a great musical style. All the songs on this CD deserve a good listen!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VN7', u'What can I say?  Fumbling Towards Ecstasy is definitely Sarah\'s finest album by far.  Although Surfacing, as well as her first two albums, Touch and Solace, all share Fumbling\'s great qualities, this one truly brings them out the best.  I really love the wide variety of moods represented on this album:  the light, uplifting, yet not sugar-coated feel of &quot;Good Enough&quot; and &quot;Mary&quot;; the sense of harsh reality set to slow, smooth, soothing lyrics and music in "Elsewhere" and "Wait"; and the in-between, anytime, musically complex tracks "Possession" (Sarah\'s greatest hit off this album) and "Hold On".  Another great quality of the album is that Sarah writes words and lyrics by herself for every track except one, which she co-writes with her producer, Pierre Marchand.  Not to mention, the only non-humanly-generated sound is the drum machine on two tracks.  Other than that, all her music is "real" if you will.  All in all, I must say that regardless what type of music you listen to, you will really enjoy Fumbling Towards Ecstasy.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001E9W', u"Weller's fourth solo studio album is not his best, but it is his most sonicly raw!  Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad record, it's grand!  The songs are great, but they're not his best batch. One gets the feeling by listening to this album that this is a bookend to his 90's output, and he's getting geared to explode into something fantasticly new.  &quot;Peacock Suit&quot;  is the  most genuine expression of love for style and the MOD attitude that has ever been recorded.  &quot;Mermaids&quot; applys this same urgancy in close to three minutes, only this time for a girl .  Buy this record NOW!!!!!!!  THis is the ONLY forty year old Rock n  Roll  (or should I say SOUL) artist out there who still has the guts, the balls, and the passion for the music he makes.  If you say Sting,  you don't know Rock n  Roll.  (I'm at work now, can't write anymore.)  MODS RULE!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001FDQ', u"The &quot;shredmaster&quot; Yngwie Malmsteen set some pretty high standards to Heavy Metal as we know it. This man can PLAY! I don't think there will EVER be another album of this magnitude to hit music stores in our future. I've heard them all, and Yngwie sure broke the mold. Whether you like him or hate him, you sure can't deny him the fact that he is one hell of a musician, and probably the best guitarist in heavy metal, and I say that with respect to alot of others. &quot;Far Beyond The Sun&quot; is by far, the best song I have ever heard in heavy metal and probably classical. When you understand just how he plays &amp; what he does, and when you truly understand the music he plays, you will understand that he is no ordinary musician and than you can judge him. He can make your spine tingle and jaw drop with some of the lead guitar virtuosity in just this one song. He is truly unbelievable. There will never be another one like him. I must say the rest of this album kicks some major butt as well. This album is so intense, and if you love great guitar players, this IS the CD to buy, because this IS where it all started and everyone just tried to follow from here. Please give this CD a listen."))
(5.0, (u'0792839676', u"This was my Favorite and the best movie of all time. It was GREAT and i do not know how else i can express that, it was more than great. It pulled all my emotions out of me showing me some feelings i've never felt before. Truly a masterpiece by Stephen King, by the movie or read the book, both are good but even so it is truly the movie of a lifetime, i mean it's GREATER than GREAT. It's good for a horrific nite out with friends or a slumber party, i watch it over and over and over again, all the time, that's how GOOD it is, and EXCELENT film with an Adventageous plot  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VV0', u"This CD is great!!  I only had to listen to the first track to know this was the best music I have ever heard.  Their is nothing bad about  the first track. The first part of Message from earth gets a little boring but It's worth the wait because when you get to about 6:00 minutes into the CD The music changes it's tone completely, I'm listening to it now and I can't believe how good it is.  The music may have some weak parts but I can't give the best music I have ever listened to only 4 stars, wait out the boring parts It's worth it.Recommedations- If  you watch and like Babylon5, especially it's music. This is the CD for you!  It puts the best of B5 onto one CD.  If you don't watch Babylon5 try and listen to a preview or somehow see for yourself how good it is."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WQS', u"Out of all of the albums that I own, &quot;Under The Table And Dreaming&quot; has got to be the absolute best. &quot;Ants Marching&quot; is a totally addicting tune; you hear it once, and you'll want to hear it again and again. And out of all the love songs I've heard before, the opening track, &quot;The Best Of What's Around&quot;, is the greatest song that all non-DMB fans have never heard. All in all, its mix of catchy, radio-friendly tunes (What Would You Say?) and more alternative-like songs (Jimi Thing), along with Dave's unique singing voice, make for an awesome album.P.S. Carter Beauford rocks the free world!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002RBZ', u"I used to hate country music. The very sound of a steel guitar was enough to make me cringe. In retrospect, I realize that I didn't hate the music - I hated the culture: John Denver's endless series of insipid Christmas specials, Kenny Roger's smugly-trimmed beard, Dolly Parton's miracle-of-modern-technology body, and songs with titles like Hal Smith's &quot;I Got a Stomach Full of Chitlins and a Bellyful of You.&quot; Garth Brooks' inexplicable ascent to a level of popularity akin only to Elvis and the Beatles made things worse as country's '90s &quot;revival&quot; had all the integrity of that of '70s &quot;rockers&quot; like Rod Stewart.Thus, I was fully confident in my belief that country music was the nadir of American music. However, as my musical tastes grew, I kept discovering that a number of my favorite artists (the Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen, the Byrds, the Velvet Underground, Neil Young, even Elvis Costello) had recorded music that sounded like country to my untrained ear.Moreover, their performances sounded great, which meant I either had to accept country as music or fascistly reject it.I chose the former and now receive confused stares from other college students who pass my room as I blast Patsy Cline and Johnny Cash. Indeed, our culture's elitist disdain for country music is unfortunate, as that prejudice blinds many people to some of the great country music being made today. Dwight Yoakam, Maria McKee, Steve Earle and the Cowboy Junkies have all made music as diverse and inspired as R.E.M., Counting Crow, Oasis or any other &quot;college&quot; band.Whiskeytown's brilliant new album, &quot;Strange's Almanac&quot; continues this trend.Whiskeytown clearly derives from the alternative-country movement started by Gram Parsons in the early '70s and most recently mined successfully by Uncle Tupelo, the Bottle Rockets and Wilco.At its best, Whiskeytown's music maintains a country aesthetic while packing the dramatic punch of Memphis soul, creating an impressi! ve combination.Led by guitarist / vocalist David Ryan Adams, the Texan quintet hits their mark every time, making remarkably assured music. The song writing is consistent as Adams provides 13 powerful tracks with no filler.The ballads, such as &quot;Turn Around,&quot; are gorgeous studies in the resonant beauty of country music. With &quot;Waiting To Derail,&quot; the band proves that they are capable of executing equally compelling rockers.&quot;Yesterday's News&quot; sounds like the perfect country-rock crossover with plaintive vocals, crunchy guitars and a charging beat. This three-minute gem deserves to be playing on every radio in the country.Moreover, on experimental tracks like &quot;Not Home Anymore,&quot; the group shows a willingness to push the limits of their genre, with no poorer results. The song's climax provides a perfect ending for the album, resilient and despairing.I hesitate to call this album a &quot;masterpiece,&quot; but &quot;Stranger's Almanac&quot; is clearly one of the the best albums of the last few years."))
(5.0, (u'B000005J4V', u"So you thought the movie brought out your strongest feelings and emotions?  Well, this CD of the music from the movie brings it all back, again and again!  From the moment I bought the CD, I couldn't wait to hear it - and when I did finally hear it, I was awash in goosebumps as I remembered parts of the movie I didn't realise I'd forgotten.  After a few listenings I became more relaxed with all the images, and now I find I can't stop smiling and thinking compassionate thoughts after revisiting the early life of the 14th Dalai Lama through Philip Glass' music.  I see many more journeys... and sweet returns."))
(5.0, (u'B000005KRA', u'I remember seeing Ms.Right perform as Miss Minnie while visiting Nashville a few years ago. As a young womans journey into Stardom she carried herself tall and proud. I wonder if Miss Minnie ever had the occassion to watch this young preformer do her Nashville act.I bet you could hear the audience say. &quot; Is this young woman ever going to cut a demo and maybe make it to the big time?&quot; Well the ansewr is that Chely must have impressed someone. She got her record deal. A song writer or two thought that her tallent warrented their words and lyrics. If this record is her starting point.....lets see where her tallent is going to take her.....'))
(5.0, (u'B00000395R', u"50's &amp; 60's TV Favorite, Gisele MacKenzie, has finally been represented on CD in the U.S.  &quot;Hard to Get...The Best of Gisele MacKenzie&quot; is a fine collection of the tunes Miss MacKenzie cut for RCA and its numberous subdivisions from the mid to late 50's.  Always showcased with the BEST arrangers and conductors, Gisele's backup on this disc is represented by Neil Hefti, Richard Maltby, Axel Stordahl, George Siravo, etc.  &quot;Hard to Get&quot; remains Gisele's biggest hit to date, and still ranks in the top 200 hits of the rock era, beating out many of the hits by the likes of The Beatles and Elvis Presley.  Recorded for RCA's label &quot;X&quot; the song was featured on a TV drama starring Gisele and became an immediate hit.  In fact, Gisele is THE only star of the famous radio and TV show &quot;Your Hit Parade&quot; to ever get to sing his/her own charting hit while starring on the show.  An impressive record, considering Hit Parade stars have included Frank Sinatra, Doris Day, The Andrews Sisters, etc.  The selections on this disc represent a wide variety of Gisele's efforts housed in the RCA vaults.  From the blues oriented title tune to the rock oriented &quot;Pepper Hot Baby&quot; and &quot;Two Hearts, Two Kisses&quot; to the dramatic ballad &quot;This I Know,&quot; Gisele handles each tune with her engagingly pure contralto voice..and a gift of perfect pitch.  Gisele's French-Canadian connection is presented with french language versions of &quot;The River Sein&quot; and &quot;Cherry Pink and Apple Blossom White.&quot;  The producer of the CD wisely selected the Living Stereo mixes of tunes like &quot;Learnin' the Blues,&quot; &quot;Slowpoke,&quot; and &quot;Hey There.&quot;  The gem of the 20 gems is Gisele's near operatic rendering of &quot;Ebb Tide&quot; with the sweeping strings of Axel Stordahl's orchestra.  If you 'met' Gisele via her own TV show, as a star of the very popular &quot;Your Hit Parade,&quot; as Jack Benny's fiddling sidekick, in live summer stock shows (&quot! ;King and I,&quot; &quot;Hello Dolly,&quot; &quot;Mame,&quot; &quot;Unsinkable Molly Brown,&quot; etc) or at sellout performances at the best nightclubs, this album captures the magic that is Gisele MacKenzie.  Although Gisele has been represented via several CD releases in Japan, this is her  complete CD album debute in the United States.  Perhaps this will lead to collections of her fabulous recordings with Capitol, Mercury, Everest and the like.  Gisele is still active in showbiz and recently sold out a week's worth of shows at Atlantic City's Resorts International.  Sit back and enjoy one of the most talented performers to come out of the 50's."))
(5.0, (u'B000007UUV', u"Not all too often do you come across a live album as good as this. The Hip were definitely on that night in Detroit, and the recording quality does not let them or you down.  Quite the ecclectic mix of Hip recordings, as old songs like &quot;Fully Completely&quot;, &quot;Twist My Arm&quot;, and &quot;The Luxury&quot; seem to blend seamlessly with new recordings like &quot;Gift Shop&quot;, &quot;Ahead by a Century&quot;, and &quot;Don't Wake Daddy&quot;.  Add the classics like &quot;New Orleans is Sinking&quot; and &quot;Nautical Disaster&quot; and you have acheived perfection.  This is one of the greatest live albums ever!  A truly Canadian experience from a truly Canadian band.  Long live the Hip!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000003TO', u"Christine Lavin does it again.  Her unusual and inimate view of the world through her slightly twisted perspective is delightfully revealed in this album,Compass.  Right off the top, with &quot;Blind Dating Fun&quot;, you are swept away with her unusual way of looking at things.  Blind dates aren't fun, but her comic way of presenting the challenges of dating will have you giggling and taping your toes as well.There are some serious gems on this album that are pure Lavin classics.  &quot;High Heel Shoes&quot; tackles the fashion statement which requires woment to punish their feet for their sexuality, looking at the pros and cons of high heel shoes.  She leaves you breathless with laughter and empathy as she tries out her new shoes, wobbling along the road.&quot;Prisoner of Their Hairdos&quot; is a haunting melody, but another twisted perspective of how we judge people, especially famous people, by their looks.  After all, Dolly Parton, Elton John, Cher, Streisand, all of these people are known for a body part, hair, and/or wardrobe. We all judge them by their appearance, not taking them seriously if they change. What a nightmare to be trapped by your &quot;image&quot;.Classic Lavin is not just the comedy bits, but the insightful views of relationships.  &quot;Compass&quot; tells of people who are so wrong for each other, but they need each other to feel complete.  &quot;Replaced&quot; intimately shares the pain of finding out your X-love now has a new honey.  &quot;I Bring Out the Worst in You&quot; follows on a similar theme of two people so bad together, they are good. Lavin shares a charming view of &quot;down under&quot; in &quot;Rushcutter's Bay&quot;.All the way through the lyrical, light, sweet voice of Lavin listen closely to the guitar patterns underneath. Never underestimate the ability of this artist with her instrument.  Her guitar picking is so intricate and complex, yet it is done so flawlessly, it dances underneath the words with ease.  She is a master of the guitar, much!  under-rated due to the delightful intimacy she creates with her story-telling. A true classic of Lavin music and a must have for the Christine Lavin fan or new enthusiast."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062FR', u"Is Cheap Trick the finest rock band America has ever produced?  Listen to Budokan: The Complete Concert and decide for yourself.  Many rock critics place the 1979 Live at Budokan show in their list of best-ever live rock recordings, and this new release arranges all the songs in their original order, with enhanced digital mastering.  Cheap Trick is the diva of American power pop; give them a taste and you'll detect satisfying hints of the Beatles, The Who, and The Sex Pistols.  Cited by icons Kurt Cobain and Billy Corrigan as a major influence, Cheap Trick is more fun, less angst.  In addition to Cheap Trick's familiar radio anthems &quot;Surrender&quot;, &quot;Ain't That A Shame&quot;,  and &quot;I Want You To Want Me&quot;, you'll find undiscovered gems like &quot;Lookout&quot;, &quot;Oh Caroline&quot;, and &quot;California Man&quot;. You also get two mini-videos from those amazing Budokan shows on this 2-disc set, to enjoy on your computer screen.  A must for all rock and roll collections!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S2', u"This is absolutely a must have collection for any  Stevie Nicks fan!  Having been a fan of her's since the Buckingham/Nicks days, I have collected nearly everything she's done.  This set includes many tracks you just can't find anywhere else.  &quot;Thousand Days&quot; absolutely rocks, as does every other track.  None of this is filler or padding.  Every one of these songs could easily stand on its own as a single, and many of them have.  This version of &quot;Rhiannon&quot; simply chills me to the bone, and &quot;Gold and Braid&quot; is vintage Stevie.  This set is ample proof that Stevie is still the Queen of Rock, and I'm happy to see her back where she belongs.....on top!  Can't wait for the concert!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002J82', u"As the writer and director of &quot;Last of the Dogmen&quot; naturally I'm somewhat biased.  But David did for my movie what every director secretly hopes for in a score: to elevate and enhance the emotional experience of watching the film.  I remember getting the phone call from his hotel room here in L.A. where he'd been working on a theme for some weeks.  &quot;Can you come down right away?&quot; he asked.  &quot;I've got it.&quot;  Not long after, I stood in his cramped room and listened while he played a small piece of music that would eventually become the signature theme of the movie, especially the 'goodbye kiss' scene between Lewis Gates and Lillian (Berringer and Hershey).  I looked at my fiance.  Tears were flooding her eyes.  Myself, I was choked with emotion because of David's beautiful music and because, if nothing else, I knew &quot;Dogmen&quot; was going to have a helluva score.  Unfortunately, the movie flopped when it was released in Sept. '95.  I hope the fact that you've probably never seen the film (let alone heard of it!) keep you from enjoying one of the most beautiful scores to come out of Hollywood in recent years.  Thanks David.  Love to Elly and George."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NBF', u"Listening to Ottmar Liebert and Luna Negra you are aware that he has more than musical ability. He has a broad understanding of the world and the genius to pick up the feel of a place and culture and create unbelievable music that takes us there and beyond with such depth. He was born in Cologne,Germany. His father is Chinese and German, his mother Hungarian. He traveled widely, and is known and loved throughout the world. With platinum records in other nations and the USA, we're fortunate he decided to make Santa Fe his home.  This album is a wonderful compilation of music from other albums, with two previously unreleased, &quot;Tremula&quot; and an unbelievably agile and delightful rendition of his &quot;Barcelona Nights&quot; a speed merengue. I just keep buying more copies for family and friends."))
(5.0, (u'B000000W4M', u"Billy Corgan was, and remains to this day, one of the forerunners when grunge broke out. Like many bands, the Pumpkins's second album, &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; is one of the best and breakout albums of their career. Resentful of Nirvana's success, Billy made his own with this album. It is one of the greatest albums that I own. I enjoy listening to this album constantly. It has everything: dark and light, anger and passion, love and hate. The Pumpkins are well known for the escapism that is very well shown in this album. This was before Kurt Cobain's death as well as grunge's death. The Pumpkins show the popular angist while fluidly soothing your nerves. Let it never be said that Billy Corgan and his band are behind the times or unorginal. They are always on the edge of cool and for the time being, they remain one of the last bands standing. Listen to this album and rock out. It is great. &quot;Today&quot;, &quot;Cherub Rock&quot;, and &quot;Disarm&quot; are the band's greatest songs off the album. If you listen to this album and do not rock, you must be dead from the neck down and waist up. Enjoy!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000ZG5', u"Every Monk fan has a favorite period in the jazz titan's career. Mine is Monk's years on the Riverside label thru most of the 50s. His Blue Note sides are hampered by the time and quality limitations of 40s recording, and his Columbias in the 60s have been criticized for a certain sameyness, but I've never heard a bad word about the Riversides. Monk &amp; Co. were finally able to stretch out at length and be heard in excellent sonic quality. Monk wrote many enduring pieces in the Riverside years [&quot;Brilliant Corners&quot;, &quot;Pannonica&quot;, &quot;Played Twice&quot;, etc. etc.], he was joined by fellow titans on most sessions [Rollins, Coltrane, Blakey, Roach, Haynes, Mulligan, etc.], and Monk himself soloed and comped with an energy and inventiveness that he never surpassed before or after. Quite simply, Monk's Riverside sessions are uniformly wonderful."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NHG', u"Having been raised on Fleetwood Mac, they've always had a place in my heart, I just never really knew it. &quot;The Dance&quot; made me fall in love Fleetwood Mac's wonderful music magic all over again! There are the classics, the hits, such as &quot;Dreams&quot;, &quot;Rhiannon&quot;, &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot;, &quot;Don't Stop&quot; and &quot;The Chain&quot;. Then there are four, count 'em, four new and simply FABULOUS songs, Lindsey Buckingham's two masterpieces, &quot;Bleed To Love Her&quot; (which is TOO romantic btw!) and &quot;My Little Demon&quot;. Christine McVie has a peppy sort of ballad which also makes for a GREAT reunion song, &quot;Temporary One&quot;. And of course, there is the Supreme Stevie Nicks with her metaphorical &quot;Sweet Girl&quot; and singing the previously unreleased and beautiful song, &quot;Silver Springs&quot;. Look for terrific harmonies amongst the three singers, Buckingham's intricate guitar licks, and bassist John McVie's incredible pumping bass beats, especially on &quot;The Chain&quot; and &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot;. This CD is magic, pure magic! Buy it right now!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002B01', u"Go without espresso for a month. Pack your own sandwich, make your own soup. have your kid pay his/her own tuition. Save your money anyway you wish but buy this set. This is such an extraordinary document of one of the very greatest groups in all of music one would be remiss in not including it in one's collection.Recorded over two nights at the Plugged Nickle nightclub in Chicago during 1965 this includes all of the music (approx. 6 hours) played during six sets over a two evening engagement. Frankly, it doesn't get any better than this. Captured at a peak level this band was pushing the boundaries and creating a group approach to the music that current musicians still are using as a road map. Incredibly influential at the time, the availability of this recording demonstrates how fresh and absolutely contemporary the Miles Davis Quintet's music remains 30+ years later.Interestingly, the 6 or so hours of music consists of only twenty tunes. Some are played a number of times and some appear only once. &quot;The Theme&quot; appears in versions ranging from 22 seconds to 10 minutes 29 seconds. And in no small part that is what makes this set so extraordinary. By adhering to a relatively limited list of tunes over the two nights of performance the group demonstrates an astonishing ability to make the commonplace absolutely of the moment. &quot;Stella By Starlight&quot;, for example, appears in three rather different incarnations, each unique from the other and each taking a 'standard' and making something else entirely of it. The tunes become the structure for incredible harmonic invention and rhythmic originality. Avoiding repeated patterns while finding absolute encouragement and support within the group itself each tune is it's own adventure. And after all, that is the goal of improvised music. Few groups have ever achieved this level of accomplishment, fewer still have left such a worthy document of those efforts.Very important music."))
(5.0, (u'B000002RBZ', u"Folks are comparing Whiskeytown to the &quot;new country&quot; genre, or the &quot;NO Depression&quot; genre (a name lifted from an Uncle Tupelo album--referring, broadly, to a band which acknowledges country and bluegrass roots while staying aware of contemporary pop and punk, leaving behind the cowboy hat cliches of the Garth Brooks oeurve). Let's forget labels for a minute: Whiskeytown's &quot;Stranger's Almanac&quot; is a collection of finely written American songs. Many of them are instantly hummable because their melodies are damned infecutuous, their performance is seamless, the lyrics are integrated with melody, and their playing is as tight anything the Glimmer Twins might have taken months to produce. Just listen, once. You'll see."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ITX', u"Forever Changes is one of those albums that both encapsulates its era and stands out of time as well.  Taking cues from Broadway show tunes, Tchaikovsky (especially Capriccio Italien), swingin' sixties lounge music, and hardcore acid rock, the record stands as an important chapter in the development of popular music.  The west coast complement to the Velvet Underground, Love's music was too influenced by the Los Angeles pop scene of the early 60s to come across as blatantly disgruntled as the white noise of VU.  Instead, subtlety is the key here.  With a backdrop that might remind you of Gilberto/Getz's &quot;The Girl From Ipanema,&quot; Arthur Lee and Bryan Maclean would free associate on the social and personal upheaval surrounding them.  Consider the whacked out titles:  &quot;The People Would Be The Times Or Between Clark and Hilldale,&quot; &quot;The Good Humor Man He Sees Everything Like This,&quot; and you get the picture.  Forever Changes was recorded in something like 6 days, and like most great records there is a freshness and spontaneity belying the carefully arranged strings and acoustic Spanish stylings.  It is Arthur Lee's greatest moment - his personality dominating the gentler, more delicate Bryan Maclean, who recently released a CD of demos he made during his time in Love.  It's called Ifyoubelievein, and manages to stand on its own as a great record, as well as providing a glimpse into the quieter half of one of the great songwriting teams in pop."))
(5.0, (u'B000003GH1', u"I know of very little music that I can listen to in a variety of contexts and still get pleasure out of it like the music of Badi Assad.  Sit alone or with someone, turn the lights off, relax and be taken away by complexities of tone and rhythm that are nevertheless so easy to swallow.  Or turn it on while you're thinking hard about some program or essay you're writing, letting it wash around you as you concentrate.  And by all means, have it playing when you serve that exotic meal to your loved one, candles lit, the aroma of gently fried garlic in the air.  Delicious!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000099K', u"With this release Sonny LANDRETH has reached his musical zenith.  Listening to this cd, one can sense the geography, smells, and zest for life evident in our great southeast.  The music stands on it's own merit and the lyrics flow like prose poems. For both the un-initiated or the long-time fan this cd offers either the joy of discovery or the warmth of a mature relationship. As an aside, Sonny is even more joyful in a live setting.  I was fortunate to see Sonny open for the great Buddy Guy and when Sonny's too-short set was complete the packed house initially sat in awed silence, then burst into prolonged applause that even the most &quot;toured&quot; artist would have appreciated. So give  South of I-10 a chance, give it a listen, and be prepared to have your musical life changed forever.  Thanks for the space,  DARRYL W. SIEGERS"))
(5.0, (u'B0000009VB', u"Since I was given this album two years, it has easily become my most listened to disc. Not only during those times of the day when you just need to gear down a bit and collect your thoughts, but at night when it's not uncommon for me to put it on when I go to bed and have it recycle all night long. It really helps me to fall asleep and stay asleep all night long. I like to imagine I'm bunked out for the night in the protective cover of my tent and as a gentle rainshower falls outside. The dynamics of the recording allow you to use your imagination for the ambient experience that you want."))
(5.0, (u'B0000026BN', u'Radio Kaos was the first CD I ever bought. I like the whole concept of a series of songs being made into a story on the CD. Random play for this does not work!! Like Meatloaf and &quot;Bat out of Hell&quot;, this CD needs to be listened to in full - with the cover. I like this CD beause it tells a story - not just a series of songs. Its personal taste - but when I feel down, the &quot;Home&quot; and &quot;Tide is Turning&quot; (Sulvester) at 120 dB puts the stupidity of life into context. 5 Stars and worth it.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000634T', u"This is the strongest Robertson solo release I've heard (I haven't, unfortunately, heard his third album, which set the stage for this.)  On his previous solo works I often found myself imagining what the songs would sound like if sung by his former Band partners.  That isn't the case here; he's found his solo voice, and he's found it through synergy with his Native American identity. He's a fine collaborator and orchestrator and lets the diverse contributors shine.  Thanks to them and Robertson, there's real emotion here: anger, determination, humor, too.  I disagree with those who insist on comparing this work unfavorably with what RR did more than 30 years ago.  When most other &quot;Classic Rock&quot; performers are playing it safe and plagiarizing themselves to please unimaginative, unadventurous audiences, RR is taking chances and pushing himself to do new things.  But as with the Band, those new things are grounded in great traditions.  This new effort has the spirit of those older recordings without resting on their laurels.  Best tracks: &quot;Rattlebone&quot;; &quot;Stomp Dance&quot;; &quot;Making A Noise&quot;; &quot;Peyote Healing&quot;; &quot;Sacrifice&quot;; &quot;In the Blood&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000006CEH', u"I only bought this cd because I had a friend who thought that Braid was good.  But now that I've owned it for a week, I'd have to say that it is completely awesome.  &quot;A Dozen Roses&quot; is my favorite song by far.  The best line is &quot;every now and then I tend to pretend I'm not alone&quot;  I also like &quot;collect from clark kent.&quot;  Superman is stuck in a phone booth calling for help, to be saved &quot;from the superpowers&quot; he doesn't believe in.  Bob Nanna has a great voice.  All the guys in the band are very talanted musicians and the music is really great."))
(5.0, (u'B000006NX6', u"&quot;How I Feel&quot; is the third album for this beautiful Country Music artist, and her best by far!!  With this CD Terri steps out of the box running ~ showcasing herself as an artist, a vocalist and a songwriter. Each cut is better than the one before. While the album as a whole is true country,  it is different from Terri's other two albums. It has a romantic feel to it ~ Listeners will no doubt be able to relate to these songs, The first cut on the CD is &quot;I'm Alright&quot; ~ Which describes this CD and artist exceptionally! If you are a Terri Clark fan, a country Music fan, or just want to hear a girl belt out some terrific songs, this is the CD for you!  You will not be disappointed!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000PH8', u"With his rapier-sharp wit and amazing parody skills, Alasandrini has done it again.  Volume 2 of his Forbidden Broadway series is imaginative, cunning, and completely hilarious.  In the second CD of the series, the tremendously talented cast takes to spoofing some of the following:  Les Miserables, Phantom of the Opera, M Butterfly, Mandy Patinkin, La Cage Aux Folles, Mary Martin (again), Sweet Charity, Chita Rivera/Rita Moreno, and many, many others.Joining the cast on the piano is Phillip Fortenberry, by far the most talented pianst to appear on any of the Forbidden Broadway albums.The vocal talents, not to mention the comedic timing, of the cast, along with the amazing parody lyrics, make this album a must have for anyone who loves the theatre.  However, a word of caution:  Many of the jokes and barbs of Forbidden Broadway are lost on those who aren't very familiar with the state of life on &quot;The Great White Way.&quot;I love volume II of Forbidden Broadway.  It has kept me laughing for months!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000PHL', u"Gerard Alesandrini has done some of his best work in parodies for his fourth edition of the Forbidden Broadway series.  This version includes inventive and intelligent parodies of Rent, Julie Andrews, Big, Elaine Stritch, Patti LuPone in Master Class, The King and I, among many others.The inventive parodies are performed by an amazingly talented cast consisting of Donna English, Bryan Batt, Tom Plotkin, and Christine Pedi.  Each one is a quality performer in their own right, but together, they sing with an energy that brings each of the segments to life.  Each cast member has their own standout impersonations, but Donna English's Julie Andrews is by far the most accurate.  It is so impressive, that, as the liner notes state, the show's producer actually thought it was Julie Andrews singing.The cast is accompanied by the amazing Matt Ward at the piano who does a wonderful job recreating complex musical scores, including the ever-difficult style of Sondheim, with nothing but 10 fingers and 88 keys.One of the downfalls of the Forbidden Broadway series, however, is that many of the sharp-witted barbs lose thier sing if the listener doesn't have at least a vague familiarity with the Broadway scene.  Still, Forbidden Broadway Strikes Back is a hilarious jab at the &quot;great white way.&quot;  It has become a favorite staple in my collection of music and still makes me laugh out loud even though I have listened to it many, many times."))
(5.0, (u'B000002H5O', u"When this CD came out in '89, I was already a huge Yes fan. The first time I heard &quot;Something to hold on to&quot;, I knew that this would be a stellar album. After making a cassette copy from a friend's disk, I promptly fell in love with it and wore it out in a short period of time. I have since purchased the CD twice, (the second time after it melted on my dashboard) and I will replace it again, and again should anything else happen to it. For it is by far one of my favorite albums of all time. Being a musician myself, this work and Trevor's other works with Yes have been a marvelous influence to my own musical style, and I would highly recommend this album to anyone who has a taste for the technical excellence and esoteric style that this, or any of this artist's efforts will offer."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UHK', u"Unlike most Jan &amp; Dean collections which just have a bunch of surf and car songs on them, this collection includes ALL of Jan &amp; Dean's hits. Even their first his &quot;Jennie Lee&quot; from 1958. Many of their other singles are included in this as well!ALL ORIGINAL HIT RECORDINGS on this collection. No remakes! However many  of the songs are remixed in stereo, and are extended as well, sounding better than ever!!!The rarities are cool too. My favorite is the song &quot;Everyone's Gone to the Moon&quot; which is being  released for the first time ever on this CD collection! All Jan &amp; Dean fans, and oldies fans of all kinds should have this collection!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005DXF', u"With Up Against It, Peter Stone Brown has created one of  the most satisfying records of the late Nineties.The music here has a familiar feel - an effortless mixing  of rock, country, folk, and blues into a sound that makes it accessible from the first listen and yet, dozens of plays later, continues to reveal things diverse and just plain strange.  This record and this artist are the real thing, and there are any number of better known artists who would give their eye teeth to be able to produce work that rewards on as many levels as Up Against It.  The mostly-Texas based musicians used in these sessions are solid (among them is Cindy Cashdollar, a contributor to Bob Dylan's Grammy winning Time Out of Mind,) but ultimately, this is a singer's album.  Citing an artist's influences is always a tricky proposition, but when I listen to Peter Stone Brown, I'm reminded of the vocal authority of Waylon Jennings, the laconic humor of Bobby Bare at his best, and the originality of phrasing of Dylan.Peter Stone Brown and Up Against It's story is an interesting one - a debut album by an artist in his mid-forties, the album self financed and shopped around at length before an independent label finally bit.  The fact that this album came so close to never existing is one more in a long list of indictments against the general state of the music industry.  Still, part of the heart and soul I think I hear in this record seems to be tied to the struggle that making it must have been.  For me, the common tie of virtually all great music is a communicated sense of the absolute need for expression on the part of the artist.  I've always heard that in Dylan - a guy who sounds like he would've died several times over had he not created the work he has - and I hear it in Peter Stone Brown.  When an artist has to fight for this chance at expression, it can have the effect of raising the stakes involved in the creative process.  On Up Against It, Peter Stone Brown gives the sense his very existence is!  at stake and the result is an album of sustained conviction."))
(5.0, (u'0792846168', u"If you've really seen this movie you will understand my one line summary.  If you don't understand then you need to watch this movie again.  I know this movie word-for-word.  I don't watch the movie, I recite it.  I'd take Elwes over DiCaprio any day.  This really is my favorite movie and in my opinion the Impressive Clergyman rocks! I also love Buttercup(Robin Wright) and although she is somewhat ditzy she and he(Westley) go perfectly together.  After my friends and I saw the movie the cutest couple amoung our friends was always referred to as &quot;Westley and Buttercup&quot; they are still cute together. I can't think of anything else to say about this movie except that it is WONDERFUL, CHARMING, and AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I truly love it!Humperdink- to the death! Westley- no! to the pain! Humperdink- i don't think I'm quite familliar with that phrase?. Westley- I'll explain, and I'll use small words so you'll be sure to understand you wart-hoged-faced-bafoon. Humperdink- I think that is the first time a man has dared insult me. Westley- It wont be the last. The first thing you lose will be your feet below the ankels then your hands at the wrist then your nose. Humperdink- then my tounge I suppose.  I killed you too quickly the last time, a mistake I don't intend to duplicate tonight. Westley- Im not finished. the next thing you lose will be your left eye followed by your right. Humperdink- then my ears I understand. Lets get on with it. Westley- WRONG your ears you keep and Ill tell you why: so that every shrik of every child at your hideousness, every babe that weeps every woman that crys out &quot;Dear God what is that THING&quot; will echo in your perfect ears. that is what to the pain means it means I leave you in anguish wallowing in freakish misery forever.That is Powerful stuff man!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000033AI', u"If you were too young to hear Mabel Mercer sing in an intimate nightclub setting--she was performing until the early l980's (her early 70's)--this is the only CD (shame on you, Atlantic) available of this unique artist.  Mabel was singing Cole Porter songs when they were new in the l930's, and Mr. Porter considered her--  along with Bobby Short--to be the best interpretors of his music.  Frank Sinatra openly admitted learning much about musical phrasing from this very special artist.  Each song is almost spoken rather than sung, and listen to &quot;Experiment&quot; to understand how each becomes what Porter intended--a wise, witty lesson in life for the sophisticated student of love's strange way of levelling the playing field for even the smartest and most over-privileged among us."))
(5.0, (u'B000003Z63', u"There are two era's in Wire's history, the Punk/Art School of the 70's, and the Beat Combo/Electronic era of the 80's. This album presents the best from Wire's releases from the 80's. Songs from singles, and the albums 'The Ideal Copy', 'A Bell is a Cup', 'Ibtaba', and 'Manscape'.If you prefer a harder edged, short, sharp, punk shock, go with the 70's stuff. If you prefer experimental music that hasn't forgotten the 'fun' of pop music, try 'The A List: 1985-1990'.Try the dance-able proto-techno of 'Ahead', the lyrical pop beauty of 'Kindey Bingos' and 'Madman's Honey', or the excursions into 'Dugga' - repeated rythmic sequences pieced together in a melange of frenetic excitement, as featured on 'Drill'.There is something for everybody on this album, so unless you are a techno-phobe and/or a luddite who can't understand why good ol' punks like Wire would work with synthesizers, give it a shot!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005ILL', u"Put &quot;Come On Children&quot; on your player first.  Press the repeat button!  Turn up your sound! There is your workout for the day.  THis whole album is fast, hits you and it's gone.  The next song does the same thing.  It's a non-stop, pill popping party.  Steve Marriott and company have recently been acknowledged by so many great artists such as Paul Weller, Oasis, Blur, and Ocean Colour Scene .  With good reason, none of the above mentioned come close to the natural and instinctive craft of The Small Faces, and this two disk affair shows this off brilliantly.  Thanks to the above mentioned artists, many new listeners enter the circle of this great band. A special thanks to Rick Nielson of Cheap Trick for D.J.ing at Lounge Ax  (located in Chicago) and for making it mostly a Small Faces night.  Hardly anyone in the place knew of these guys, and Rick turned em all on. La!  Stop reading this and buy it NOW!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005LLZ', u"This album was among the few that we took with us during a one-year stay in Morocco.  Cut off from western civilization and entertainment, I got to listen to it over and over, and discover its depth, despite not speaking a lick of Spanish.  It is one of those CDs where every song is somewhere between good and fantastic.After several months, I finally discovered that two of the songs on the CD are the same, Mujer contra mujer, and une femme avec une femme, but in Spanish and French. Since I speak enough French to get by, I was able (finally) to get the words, and was completely taken by the poetry of the song.  Years later, again in Morocco, I made a Spanish woman who was staying with us sit down and translate every word, discovering more of the interesting and sometimes quirky content of the lyrics.Over time, my favorites have changed.  I was at first captured by Hijo de la Luna, with all its richness (note how in the finale the orchestral arrangement echoes the brief piano solo interlude), but later found I was playing La fuerza del destino and the title track over and over.  Lately, I have found the piece on Salvadore Dali irrestible.If I sound like I'm gushing, I probably am.  But what else can you say about your all-time favorites?  I've probably played this CD hundreds of times, singing away (and I'm sure butchering most of the words of a language I still can't speak or understand).  And still, like Joni Mitchell's Court and Spark, I never seem to get tired of it.  A masterpiece."))
(5.0, (u'B000000H6D', u"Though releasing two previous albums, Type O Negative was virtually unheard of until &quot;Bloody Kisses&quot; emerged.  The band's unique gothic melodies on this album put them in the limelight with a video, &quot;Black No. 1&quot; being played on Mtv. As well as a cover and a feature in virtually every metal magazine.  This is the definite &quot;first album&quot; to buy from Type O Negative. I've listened to this album since I purchased it in 1994 and I have yet to get tired or bored of it. It is always in my CD case or being played. This will turn any metal/hard rock fan into a fan of Type O. If and when you purchase this album, see if everything I've said is anything but the undeniable truth."))
(5.0, (u'B000003BTJ', u"I've long considered Graham Parker part of my &quot;little, p*****-off British guy&quot; phase, during which I listened to a lot of Elvis Costello and related artists. Parker is a cynic, without a doubt, but the heart of a true romantic still beats in his chest. Like Costello, who does not allow his varnish of world-weary cynicism to obliterate his soft side, Parker goes from sharp-tongued social criticism to whistful longing at times in the same breath. All without forgetting how to craft a good solid melody, which makes for music you can listen to even if you're not particularly interested in what it has to say."))
(5.0, (u'B000003BZO', u"I would give this CD a thousand stars if I could. This is truly the ONE CD that every real hip-hop lover must have in their CD collection. Without out it your collection will never,ever be complete. Common is brillant on every single track on the album. Everything on this album is beautiful. Common is a true artist and everyone ( and I  do mean everyone) needs to have this CD in their collection because it is honestly the best CD I have ever,ever heard. This album takes you places that some people may have never gone before but it is definitely worth the ride.I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed the album it is wonderful. Common is here to stay. GET THE CD,ALBUM,TAPE WHATEVER NOW cause you'll be upset if you don't!!!It's just common sense!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003FS5', u"The legions of Glenn Miller Fans around the world now have a new disc for their collections, an heretofore unheard sampling of the very first Chesterfield Broadcasts, covering the thirteen weeks beginning December 27, 1939, which featured the immensely popular Andrews Sister, Patti, Maxine and Laverne. The disc is presented as if it were one complete radio program, although it does run much longer than the original 15 minutes (including commercials) that the original shows played. Beginning with the opening Bulova Watch time check, we are transported to that CBS Radio studio in New York, where announcer Ed Herlihy tells us its Chesterfield time, and to settle back for America's favorite Swing Trio along with ace arranger and popular band leader Glenn Miller. Its swing with attitude from there on in.  The liner notes are very thorough and give detailed information on every cut, even to stories about the girl's fights and why Patti sings alone on I Love You Much Too Much. We get to hear the first time Donkey Serenade is performed on the air, and it never sounded better than with Glenn's solid arrangement backing them.  Also featured are several of Glenn's tunes without the girls, including a very touching Indian Summer, dedicated to ailing announcer Paul Douglas, and the ever-present In the Mood. I am excited for Volume Two to be released, as it promises more of the same, with no repeats. (The trio did twenty five different songs during those 13 weeks, plus an additional 14 versions of ten of those songs.) Bravo to RCA Victor and bring on Volume Two!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007TSP', u"Cheap Thills was a great album, a defining album of the 60's, and this is a more vivid work from the same time period.  I can just see Janis in my mind's eye while I listen to this, shaking her hair and stamping her foot.David Getz (Big Brother's drummer) says in the liner notes,  &quot;...it is also the best and most accurate recording I have ever heard of what Big Brother with Janis was really about as a band.&quot;  That seems rightCedell Davis, guitarist for the late Delta blues master Robert Nighthawk, once told me that if Robert didn't have most of the women in the audience crying in the first 15 minutes then he didn't have it that night.  Well, it doesn't seem that people cry in response to Janis, maybe more like Mama Cass shaking her head &quot;wow&quot; at Ball and Chain, but nonetheless Janis feels like a true heart disciple of that same tradition...and her voice just seems to be getting clearer and better as the years go by:I tried to love you in my own way,  I think that you know I did...Once in a green time, a flower, oh, fell in love with the sun.  Their passion lasted for an hour and  then she wilted from her loved one.And I see you looking up at the sky, how high it is.  You're wondering if there is another me, now how can there be?(from &quot;Flower in the Sun&quot;)"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KB0', u"From the otherworldly opening that turns into an incandescent DARK STAR to the harmonizing of 4 voices on ST. STEPHAN to the chugging THE ELEVEN to Pigpen's version of TURN ON YOUR LOVELIGHT, The Dead are at the height of their live powers.  Of course, no Dead fan is without this one and for many it is a baptism of fire. . .truly inspired and yes, we envy those who experienced it firsthand but we can hear it over and over and over and still break out in sweats when Jerry's stellar guitar hits crescendoes in DARK STAR.  I have not heard GRAYFOLDED yet but I am prepared to be disappointed as this CD (and it's great to hear all the cuts together without the hassle of turning the LP over) is a fantastic integral unit. Will be listening to it until I die."))
(5.0, (u'B000006BZ7', u"The music in this album took me back to the early days of Randy Travis.  The music is updated in sound somewhat, and Travis' voice has matured, his range is broader, and the baritone is deeper, even lower, but the famous control of the voice remains, and the incredible emotion is there as plaintive as ever.  &quot;The Hole&quot; is a great up-tempo beat with a great lyric; &quot;One Word Song&quot; is a song any woman would love to be the subject of; &quot;Only Worse,&quot; and &quot;Stanger In My Mirror,&quot; are typical Travis, the first a sad song done in a humorous lyric, the second a surprised look at the effects of love, also done humorously, and both up-tempo.  Everyone by now has heard &quot;Out of My Bones,&quot; a little diffferent sound for Randy, but a great song.  I personally hope the title track &quot;You and You Alone&quot; will be a single.  The wonderful blend of Randy's voice with Vince Gill doing harmony is the most beautiful sound I've heard in a very long time.  &quot;Satisfied Mind&quot; spans from gentle emotion to powerful conviction, and speaks of devotion to a mate, and the satisfaction of a life well-lived.  My favorite, in fact my favorite song of any album right now, is the exquisite &quot;Horse Called Music.&quot;  It's mystical quality leaves an image in the mind that remains long after the bass has stopped vibrating from Travis incredible low range.  I've liked all of Randy's albums, but this one is a cut above."))
(5.0, (u'B000000ORS', u"This c.d. sends chills down my spine every time I listen to it ! For all who have seen the production of &quot;Miss Saigon&quot; you know how moving all of the pieces are, and it is hard to put that kind of music down on a recording to keep the feeling, but somehow this London cast pulls it off ! I felt like I was back at the theatre watching the play all over again. The part of Kim, sung by Lea Salonga, does an excellent job. Her version of &quot;I'd Give My Life for You&quot; is absolutely awesome ! I don't know if I could hear a better one... This is definitely a five star c.d. if not more. BUY IT NOW !!!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000V1I', u"This CD is a must have if you like Christian rock or alternative music, especially if you are recently saved and are looking for an alternative to much of the mainstream non-christian music out there. For raw musical excitement, DC Talk holds their own with the best non-christian bands, and  even out does many of them. The style of the music is unique. A mixture of rap, alternative, and metal rolled into one. It's also a great album for proving to your non-christian friends that Christian music can contain all the excitement and energy of any other  type of music. A must have!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JDJ', u"The main impetus in buying the CD was her live performance. If you have a chance to see Lili Haydn live, do so, it is more than worth it.There was one reviewer that almost kept me from buying the CD when she/he said that Lili tries to pose a trite solution to the homeless problem in Take Somebody Home. If you *listen* to the song, she poses no such solution, it is a song about the homeless problem through a child's eyes.There are also two excellent intrumentals on the album that in themselves cover a wide spectrum of sounds.  The last song on the album is just Lili on violin and a pianist, a beautiful ending to a great album.A must buy"))
(5.0, (u'B000007OHW', u"&quot;Camelot&quot; is one of my 3 favorite musicals &amp; the definitive version is this one, the 1960 Original Broadway Cast w/Richard Burton, Julie Andrews, &amp; Robert Goulet. However, the old CD version of this was so poor(filled w/hiss &amp; highly-compressed)that I held on to my LP copy. So this digitally-remastered version is a welcome find!(no hiss or compression; I even hear instrum- ents in the background I've not heard before). And what more can be sd about Lerner &amp; Loewe's most glorious &amp; varied score or about this moving show about idealism brought down by the baser elements of human nature? A MUST-have!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000017L1', u"Connie Dover is largely unknown out side the Celtic music circle.  This is a recording one would expect to hear from someone raised in the &quot;old country&quot;, not in the United States.  During the North Texas Irish Festival in March,  Ms. Dover sang many of the selections featured on this CD.  Fans flocked to the sales area and purchased almost ever copy she had brought.  It is shame that she is not on a major label.  The public is missing out on hearing one of the most beautiful, clear voices  in Celtic music.  This CD, like most of her work, was recorded in Scotland and features a who's who of back-up musicians."))
(5.0, (u'B000002513', u"When poetry and music come together, there is no greater storyteller than Bruce Springsteen.Listening to THE WILD, THE INNOCENT and the E STREET SHUFFLE makes me weep with happiness to be alive and to feel the emotions this gorgeous record keeps giving--- years and years later since the first day I heard it in my older brother's bedroom and sold my soul to Bruce Springsteen. [] My husband asked me to marry him at a Bruce concert during ROSALITA on 4/2/88.  I was thrilled to get the ring but I didn't stop dancing until the last &quot;Hey Hey Hey Hey&quot; was over. People were applauding us but I thought it was for Bruce. As it should be.Bruce, thanks for all the beautiful words you've brought to our lives. My family thanks you, too-- &quot;I'm coming to liberate you, confiscate you, I wanna' be your man-- Someday we'll look back on this and it will all seem funny..&quot; I'm looking back and it only  gets better and better, Bruce.How could one album have SPIRITS IN THE NIGHT, KITTY'S BACK and INCIDENT ON 57th STREET? How could so much genius be in one package?Simple. Bruce Springsteen."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GXE', u"This version of a classic show takes a funny show and transforms it into a side-splittingly funny masterpiece.  Linda Ronstadt's vocal range and the nuances of her performance amazes me every time I hear it; Rex Smith brings a stunningly beautiful and lyric tenor to the role of Frederick; as the Pirate King, Kevin Kline rates a hysterical and absolute A+.  This show is a delight and not to be missed.  Not just for Gilbert and Sullivan fans, nor for fans of operetta in general, this Pirates of Penzance truly swashbuckles its way into the realm of the classics - accessible and enjoyable for all."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LLP', u"The time-frame that this &quot;collection&quot; CD weaves leaves the listener enthusiastically engendered to know every facet of Bonnie's diamond quality repetoir.  Her duets with Sippie Wallace further authenticates the blues that she's beltin'; an instructive type lesson for women to adhere to as she sings, &quot;Women be wise&quot;.  Bonnie Raitt's song, &quot;Finest lovin' man&quot; exemplifies her true talent for not only writing and performing vocally, but her intense guitar abilities as well.  The &quot;collection&quot; CD will outclass most other renditions of her previously released albums noting that fine wine and beautiful women grow more lovely with gracious living--well kept and fragrant as ever a woman who mastered her art;  like a rose, I'd pick this CD first."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G3Y', u"With the fast paced songs of &quot;Blue Collar Man&quot; and &quot;Renegade&quot; leading the way, Styx has released an album that all fans of Styx need in their collection.  Not only combining the newer technology to their songs, Styx has captured the essence of the 70's and 80's with hard-rocking hits listed above, but combined it with smooth, singalong ballads made famous by Dennis DeYoung.  Spanning three decades, the song that launched Styx into the stratosphere, &quot;Lady&quot;,  was remastered to make the sound purer.  Whether a person loving the older, hard-rocking hits, or enjoying the &quot;Kilroy&quot; and &quot;Paradise Theater&quot; shows, the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; is an album to add to round out the collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TAJ', u"If you are an SY fan you already have this album and love it. If you have heard some of the critical aclaim over this band and are curious - buy this album first. Listen to it and absorb it. When I listen to this album, the sound reaches deep inside to a place no other music has been. When I was first introduced to this band in 1987 by this album, I was awakened from musical ambivalence. This album speaks as though directly written for me. I know many other fans share the same opinion. This album has been creditted with inspiring much of the alternative scene of the early nineties, yet it stands the test of time on its own. It is as fresh today as it was back in '87."))
(5.0, (u'B000003GBE', u"Andy Summers is definitely one of the most creative guitarists of all time! He gets better &amp; better with each release, &amp; that is not something you can say of many artists. The Last Dance of Mr. X takes the listener through many moods, like a journey. Tony Levin plays bass on all but one track, &amp; is well suited to Andy's unique style of guitar playing. Greg Bissonette plays drums on most tracks. Only the first song is reserved for Andy's touring band- it is an earlier song of Andy's called &quot;Big Thing&quot;- and the band rips through it live. I even hear a little &quot;Sunshine of Your Love&quot; thrown in for good measure. The cd is half new compositions from Andy, and half Jazz covers. I find myself throwing it in the cd player &amp; listening to it again &amp; again."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SAV', u"WOW!!!! Setzer's latest release is smokin'! If you liked the first 2 BSO releases and were a fan of the Stray Cats, you will absolutely love this CD.  This is a great combination of the sound of the 1st BSO release and the rockabilly sounds of the Stray Cats.  There are definitely some instant Setzer classics (This Cat..., Jump Jive an Wail, Let's Live It Up, Nosey Joe) and his guitar is way out front on this disk.  I think this disk spotlights Setzer's guitar more than the 1st 2 BSO CDs.  He plays some blistering runs here.  Setzer has rerecorded 2 tunes he did with the Cats, &quot;Rock This Town&quot; &amp; &quot;Sleepwalk&quot;.  Surprisingly, &quot;Rock This Town&quot; is one of the few tunes that doesn't do anything for me.  I much prefer his original stripped down rockabilly version to this one.  This is definitely the best CD I've heard in years!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000007SY', u"Structures from Silence is Roach's best early cd, and quite possibly his best cd altogether. In Structures, his melodies are so soft and gentle, that it automatically relaxes you with its charm.  Keep in mind, however, that this is not in any way a NEW AGE Yoga session.  What Roach has composed is an intricate wave like pattern in his music that is so beautiful and haunting.  To put it more buntly, it seems to speak to your soul and nourish it with beautiful melodies accompanied by a contemplation of your own life. I fully reccomend this to all who are weary of the John Tesh/Yanni arena that all sounds all too similar."))
(5.0, (u'B000001NIG', u"This first CD in the Chronogical (sic?) Classics collection is one of our favorites. Cab's voice at this early age is high and sweet, and his style wilder and less polished than his later style. His recording of St. Louis Blues is awesome! The Viper's Drag (a Fats Waller piece), St. James Infirmary, and The Nightmare are haunting and beautiful. This CD also includes the earliest recorded version of Minnie the Moocher. It also has Cab performing I'm Crazy About My Baby; it's fun to compare this to Fats Waller's version. The piece Six or Seven Times is an answer to two earlier songs by other artists: Four or Five Times and Once or Twice. There is little cheese and plenty of good stuff on this CD!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000273J', u"'Filles de Kilimanjaro'is my personal favorite of the mid 60's quintet's studio albums. This recording is the transition between the great acoustic quintet and the electric band which was to appear on 'In A Silent Way'. In fact, the personnel changes on a couple of cuts of this disc with the addition of Chick Corea on electric piano and David Holland on the electric bass.However, while sort of interesting historically, the personnel issues are secondary to the music itself. While the instrumentation was about to change the music itself was also undergoing serious rethinking. Moving away from 'tunes' the recordings (as would the live performances), beginning here, were to become suitelike.I have always imagined this recording with the drummer Tony Williams really taking hold of the group and leading them off into very new musical terrain. From thundering polyrhythms to simple strokes on the highhat cymbal, the percussion component of this music is truly memorable. The soloists, Herbie Hancock on piano, Miles and the saxophonist Wayne Shorter play beautifully. It is Shorter however who really impresses. His tenor saxophone work here has a breathy, elastic quality the likes of which I have rarely heard before or since. Essential music."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UEB', u"I have had one tape or another of this recording since 1998 and it still out-ranks every thing else I've ever listened to.  These guys were way ahead of their time musically, and I think if this recording came out today, it would still be ahead of its time.The vocals couldn't be better, the musical ideas and arrangements are perfect, and the production of the whole thing is genius.  As a fellow musician for 20+ years, I have to take my hat off to these guys.  They have truly achieved something they can be proud of for a lifetime. They are an inspiration to the rest of us.  Thanks for sharing your work with us guys.Margo Tracey"))
(5.0, (u'B00000471A', u"The Emap review above undersells this album, which is a continuation of Quartet West's succession of discs which seamlessly blend historic compositions with timeless-sounding originals.  Unlike the previous two albums, &quot;Haunted Heart&quot; and &quot;Always Say Goodbye&quot;, there are no  remastered vintage recordings woven in; instead, strings are added to make this venture lusher and more nostalgic.  Together, the three recordings are the jazz jewel of my 800+ CD collection. I have seen Quartet West perform live several times here in L.A. in both large and intimate settings, and heard this entire album performed with strings at the beautifully-small Ford Amphitheater for the most memorable concert evening in recent years.  The individual musicianship of Haden, Watts, Broadbent, and Marable is amazing in its scope and emotion. There isn't a better, tighter combo working today."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025CO', u"I have been listening to Jeff Wayne's Musical version of War of The Worlds since late 1979 during a high school party.  I threw many parties in the navy centered around this musical journey.  To have it in CD versus my old worn out tapes is a dream come true.  I am sure that I have listened to this close to a thousand times and I never tire of it and still enjoy turning someone else on to it.  I purchased this for a friend on CD back in 1989 and I spent over $30 for it. It is well worth this price.  Don."))
(5.0, (u'6300213919', u"Faye Dunaway really camps it up in this horrific and occasionally (unintentionally) hysterical account of the relationship between Joan Crawford and her adopted daughter Christina.  Based on the best-selling book of the same name by Christina Crawford it destroys the carefully maintained illusion of perfection that her mother was eager to perpetuate during her lifetime. Faye Dunaway's performance is truly amazing.  Whether she's frantically hacking down her rose bushes in the middle of the night after having been fired by MGM, or beating poor little blonde ringletted Christina (Mara Hobel) with a wire coat-hanger while ghoulishly smothered in white face cream, she pulls out all the stops to give us a most extreme display of drunken, sadistic cruelty and madness, although it is difficult not to laugh when she goes boss-eyed. It is ironic to think that before her death, Joan Crawford had actually indicated that if there were ever a film to be based on her life she would like to be played by Faye Dunaway.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000038UT', u"Rainbow's first release since the early 80s, Stranger In Us All treads familiar territory and explores all new depths at the same time.  Ritchie Blackmore shows off just how well he can play that acoustic guitar on the epic &quot;Black Masquerade&quot; and then cranks out the Strat for a rousing heavy metal version of &quot;Hall of the Mountain King&quot;.  The ballad-ish song &quot;Ariel&quot; has a mystical feel to it that is quite original.  Vocalist Doogie White is a capable singer, sounding like a cross between ex-Rainbow singers Joe Lynn Turner and Dio, and Ritchie Blackmore's guitar playing is top notch.  A must for any metal fan."))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"I have been listening to the Dave Matthews Band even before they were this popular and I have to say that this is by far the best album that the band has made. Everything from the 40-second Pantala Naga Pampa that they open with to the finale duet, Spoon,  with Alanis Morrisete, this album has it all. Bela Fleck, who plays banjo on a majority of the groups songs, brings a southern twang to the album that signifies Dave's sound. Songs like The Stone, and Crush as well as Stay bring back sounds that you heard on Crash and Under the Table and Dreaming but you also have the other songs like Dont Drink the Water and Last Stop that are hard and almost tribal like. The remix of Halloween makes it a more powerful tune than it was on Remeber Two Things. Overall I have listened to this album over 30 times and I never get sick of hearing it. I would recommend it to any Dave fan or someone who wants to become one!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"First off, THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM!Secondly, I have read all of the reviews here on Amazon.com and I am pleased to see that most find this album to be the masterpiece that it indeed is.  Others, however, complain that this album is &quot;too slow&quot; or &quot;dull&quot; with the general complaint of &quot;What happened to the guitars and drumming??&quot;  Indeed, if they were looking for another Rat-In-The-Cage type of album, perhaps you won't find what you're looking for here -- and you're also probably not a true Pumpkins fan.  Their musical style has changed every album -- true that Adore is by far the most subdued of them all, but once you're &quot;swept in&quot; (as is always the case), you would notice Billy's musical sense is just as present as it always was.I just went to their latest concert and they played all of their Adore songs -- complete with the pianos and DISTORTED GUITARS and THREE DRUMMERS!!  Billy could have gone with the guitars and drummers (this is less likely) on the album, but I feel it was a personal choice.  The greatest assest of the Pumpkins is their ability to combine the best of many musical elements and switch effortlessely between them.I've heard songs like To Shiela and For Martha with Billy screaming and guitars howling, and it sounds just as good with the pianos alone."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OPR', u"The &quot;Supreme Vampyric Evil&quot; that drives Cradle of Filth is back at it's best. Indeed this is the best album I have ever had the privelage of listening. It is true that &quot;Cruelty&quot; is a leap from their past efforts, yet this album is their masterpiece and what I've been waiting for from this band all along. This band has truely gotten it together with this album. I would never have believed that they would ever surpass their sophmore effort &quot; Vempyire or Dark Fairytales in the Phallestein&quot; but everything, the vocals, the guitar work, and the keyboards are vastly superior to anything they've ever done. In closing when this super talented force comes together with the horrofying story of Elizabeth Bathory a symphony is created that can truely be called &quot;Cruelty and the Beast&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IT2', u"Tori Amos.  An immensely talented woman.  This is the album that just began the amazing relationship between Tori and her extremely loving fans.  She displays her soul for you.  She lets you into her head.  She helps guide you.  Tori's &quot;Little Earthquakes&quot; isn't just an music album, it's a phenomenon.  It's  beautiful.  It's tantalizing.  It is extremely hard not to be drawn to her.  If you've never heard Tori before, start by listening to this album.  Then move on to &quot;Under the Pink,&quot; &quot;Boys for Pele,&quot; and her newest wonder, &quot;from the choirgirl hotel.&quot;  You'll be hooked too.  Then, of course, there are all those scrumptious bee sides!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000477W', u"Forget tracks 2-11 for a minute.  If this album only had &quot;Terra&quot; on it, I'd say buy it and expect it to take up semi-permanent residence in your CD player.  Although there may be better all-around albums from Caetano, there are several other perfect tracks here, too.  &quot;Sampa&quot;, for instance, has already become a standard (if proof were needed, it has been performed recently by Joao Gilberto in concert alongside Tom Jobim and Dorival Caymmi gems).  And &quot;Sao Joao, Xango Menino&quot; is one of Caetano's finest collaborations with Gilberto Gil.  And for the amorous, hey, try &quot;Muito Romantico&quot; on your next enchanted evening."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MR2', u"Luka Bloom's third album, Turf, is clearly his best effort to date.  Riverside was an excellent debut album, promising the listener that this was an artist to watch for.  While his follow-up,  The Acoustic Motorbike had some wonderful moments, overall it was too uneven and disjointed to fulfill those promises. Bloom keeps his word with Turf. He brings every emotion into his music, from the excitement of fantasy on &quot;Sunny Sailor Boy&quot; to the extreme grief of &quot;Sanctuary&quot;.  With superb songwriting and  and the  plaintive quality of his voice, which is accentuated by his guitar's acoustic musings, this is not a &quot;must-have&quot; for fans of Irish and Folk music.  This is a &quot;must-have&quot; for all who love music."))
(5.0, (u'B000002OFD', u'I was mesmerized after listening to this soundtrack by Danny Elfman.  There are enough wonderful pieces here to last for two soundtracks. He incorperates catchy songs (Edward the Barber) with beautiful choir pieces (ice dance). His songs all have a funny way of leaving a smile on your face. Also, once you hear the Grand finale, tears will stream from your eyes because the piece is so beautiful.  I really reccomend this to anyone because it is so touching and fun.  On a final note, there is a campy Tom Jones song titled &quot;with these hands&quot; It tops off this cd nicely.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000018V5', u"Forget any tepid reviews you may see here.  This is what rock and roll is about.  Punk rock in the purest sense-tragedy, rebellion (REAL rebellion), anger, sorrow, regret, hope.  On pure attitude alone, these boys put to shame anything that has come since.  For some of us older types, punk rock died, in a very real sense, in 1984.  This album was one of the last real punk records released.  Paul predicted much with Seen Your Video, and for an honest snapshot of a generation, it gets no truer than Unsatisfied.  It's a pitiful reflection on music today that I have to listen to records from the 80's to get any sense of depth and genuineness.  And one of the records I most turn to for that is Let It Be. Throw away your smashmouth and third eye blind records, for humanity's sake.  Buy this."))
(5.0, (u'B000002B7M', u"This is perhaps the finest guitar work ever done in an album of any style of music.  Rhoads sparkles in gems like &quot;Mr. Crowley,&quot; which is still one of my favorite songs, and &quot;Revelation (Mother Earth).&quot;  Teamed with Ozzy's surprisingly meaningful lyrics, this album is a must have.  The critics may have been cold to this album because they have always shown strong prejudice to the entire heavy metal genre, but screw them. Rhoads' death was tragic.  He was easily better than people like Van Halen or Malmsteen, who represented the heavy metal guitar gods and &quot;Blizzard of Oz&quot; and &quot;Diary of a Madman&quot; prove it.  He brought a feeling to the music that emulates the perfect combination of neo-classicism and old-style blues.  No one since played with more feeling than Randy."))
(5.0, (u'B0000033L8', u"This is the best version of the soundtrack to get. Although some tracks are damaged due to age, the wealth of additional material not heard on other versions, well compensates for buying this version. Some tracks are only 30 seconds but it all adds up to about 50 minutes. For Herann fans , they can finallly hear every track in the movie, and some additional unused cues. Bernard Hermann's music is both mysterious and exciting as it follows this story of intrigue. Some cues work so well for the film that it is suprising that he didn't win the oscar; the main theme is both exciting and invigorating, for it moves very quickly. Therefore I reccomend this to all Hermann fans, if you haven't already bought it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002R0N', u"Be-Bop Deluxe's music was characterized by a sophistication, lush layering, and attention to detail that seemed to demand reams of overdubs. How could one guitar, one set of keyboards, one bass and one drumkit pull this off in real time? The answer: with the same keen wit and creativity that guitarist/composer Bill Nelson displays in everything he does. BBD know exactly where the true heart and core of each song is, and this is what they play here. The somewhat leaner arrangements make the considerable virtues of Nelson's songwriting stand out even more. The overdrive of live sound gives the band more punch than they ever had before, and Nelson has simply never played better, before or since. Listen to him here and you'll wonder why he isn't up there with Hendrix and Clapton as &quot;the first guitarist-name on everyone's lips&quot;. The crowning achievement of a band too far ahead of its time..."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TAJ', u"I need to add my worship of this album to the others.  This, and possibly Evol, are the two greatest records to come from a band that produced (until recently) some of the greatest records-ever.  Schizophrenia still rends the soul, hundreds of listens later.  This song alone is worth whatever they are charging.  But when you realize it is the opening salvo in a stream of wrenching music, it makes you quiver, literally.  Comparing this to later work, such as the disasterous Washing Machine, makes me wonder if they didn't die in the late eighties and were replaced by robots.  One of the few truly essential records you are ever going to find."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZFN', u"Relistening to &quot;A Passion Play&quot; as an adult I'm more impressed with the musical composition than I was in my teenage years, when friends gathered in front of the turntable to argue over what the lyrics meant. This is about as tight as a band can get and play more than three instruments.Lyrically the &quot;play&quot; starts out like John Milton and ends up like Friedrich Nietchie. I still think this is the right direction, although lyric interpretation is no longer of my hobbies. One gets the sense that Jethro Tull were extending their artistic reach, musically and lyrically, as many bands tried to do in the 1970's. This is one of the more successful results.Divided into four acts and 16 tracks, &quot;A Passion Play&quot; is one man's journey through heaven and hell. A kind of rock opera, or musical play, for those who don't find pinball wizardry that compelling.The division into 16 tracks (with titles) is a new feature of this gold disc, as are the restoration of liner notes from the original vinyl, laid out like a theatre program, and including the lyrics/libretto.The best new feature--and what makes this a 5 star buy--is the remastered sound from Mobile Fidelity. The previous CD version of &quot;A Passion Play&quot; sounded like it was recorded from my old vinyl copy. In fact, I preferred my album to the CD, which is why it has been so long since I listened to this particular Jethro Tull album.It was worth the wait. The sound is flawless. This CD could have been recorded last week; it's that clear.So break out the headphones. Or wait until the wife's away. You're going to want to turn this one way up.Don Kenner"))
(5.0, (u'B000003BMJ', u"I was in a gift shop in Canon Beach Oregon, and the proprietor was playing this album on the sound system.  I knew instantly that I needed a copy.  Luckily, they had a supply on hand.  I couln't get my money out fast enough!  My previous fave acoustic slide work was from Ry Cooder, especially some of the soundtracks (e.g. Southern Comfort &amp; Long Riders).  This guy has equal chops, plays with more feeling, and has a positively heart wrenching singing voice. He also gets a percussive beat going (presumably with his thumb on the soundboard) that makes it easy to forget that this is just one guy with a guitar. His second album is good (****), but this one is essential listening!  Buy it right now!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KJG', u'I am not sure whether this score is my favorite, or the Empire strikes back.  Either way, this is Williams at his best and in his prime.  The superman march is so easilly identifiable as it is uplifting.  The flying sequence is very romantic and will conjur up an instant memory of Margo Kidder flying high in the sky.  This cd is jam packed with songs (over 70 minutes) and each one has its own charm.  Because this was taken from and original double LP set,however, most of the tracks have a slight hiss.  Also two tracks available on record, have been deleted for space reasons.  With all complaints put aside, you are still left with a marvelous achievement in Williams impressive repetoire.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002KMY', u"If you like heavy metal, buy it! Two songs are in the movie Heavy Metal. This is Black Sabbath's best album.  I'm one of the few who liked the Dio years better than the Ozzy years, although &quot;Iron Man&quot; was my favorite song when I was a kid. This album rocks.  It has plenty of raw power with songs like &quot;Voodoo,&quot; and &quot;Turn Up the Night&quot; and the more melodic songs like &quot;Falling off the Edge of the World&quot; are beautifully sung by Dio, something Ozzy could never do without Randy Rhoads.  Even includes a well-done heavy metal waltz to finish off the album in &quot;Over and Over.&quot;  Only weak spot is the cheezy &quot;Slipping Away&quot; but other than that, this is one of the best 80's heavy metal albums ever released."))
(5.0, (u'B000002663', u"Sade's music is really fantastic background music for romantic interludes, from dinner to lovemaking, and is great for quiet times, such as drinking wine in the bathtub, either by yourself or with your lover, or laying in a hammock as the sun goes down over the ocean.  It has a very pleasing and gentle, yet rhythmic quality that is very conducive to relaxation and intimacy.  It has also served me well as background music while entertaining friends and family at low key parties. Every song is uniquely beautiful, but there is a consistent lyrical melody which pervades and soothes on every track, and the more I listen the more I want to hear.  The only negative I have is that she has not put out a new recording in several years.  I have a multi-CD player, and often just let 3-4 of her CDs play back to back."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"Like every other Tori Amos piece, from the choirgirl hotel, is too very amazing for words. Once again, Tori's work of art touches the soul inside you. Every album of Tori's has a basically different sound to it. The same goes for this masterpiece. It's absolutely stunning! The piano does take a back seat, but it is still very present. There are piano-based songs. &quot;Jackie's Strength&quot; (the next single), one of the two, is a beautiful ballad about Jackie Kennedy and Tori's wedding day. The other, &quot;Northern Lad,&quot; about a failed relationship, is breath-taking, and so is the whole album. The piano is very present in other songs like &quot;Playboy Mommy&quot; and &quot;Pandora's Aquarium.&quot; &quot;Playboy Mommy,&quot; in which Tori sings to her miscarried little girl, is an extremely beautiful song. There is no way that I could pick a favorite, because, as with all of Tori's work, I love them all. Highlights? Basically, every song. But, I do love &quot;Spark&quot; (the first single), &quot;Cruel,&quot; and &quot;iieee.&quot; &quot;Hotel&quot; gives a techno feel to a very excellent album. This, as with every Tori album, is a must own and instantly becomes a classic wonder."))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"Since I first listened to their CD, it has been one of the few albums that I have not gotten tired of.  It's an awesome album with a lot of different songs on it.  The instrumentals at the endings of some of the songs, (&quot;The Stone&quot;, and &quot;Pig&quot; to name a few), were unique and instresting.  There musical talents really help make this ablum a outstanding one.  I though that Alanis Morissette sounded nice on backround vocals on &quot;Don't Drink the Water&quot;, and &quot;Spoon&quot;.  I was surprised to hear backround singers in &quot;Stay&quot;.  All-in-all, I'd recommend it to anybody who a fan Dave Matthews Band, as well as anybody else who wants to hear something, fresh, new, and just plain good.  As a local Trenton newspaper said about their album, &quot; It's a good to have, when shopping for audio equipement&quot;. Top Song Picks: Rapunzel, Halloween, Spoon, Crush, The Stone, and Pig."))
(5.0, (u'B000006R59', u"I thought I should wright a few words just to make it clear...You don't HAVE to have Welsh blood to like this CD!  If you live in the US and only order 1 CD from Amazon before its release this year - make sure its this one!  You have the full range of rock here from the catchy, poplike Mulder &amp; Skully to the depth of Goldfish &amp; Paracetimol, and the darker tracks like My Selfish Gene (fill your spleens with bile at will) and, of course International Velvet...it's haunting, its in Welsh, and its hard enough finding someone to translate it in the UK let alone the US! Oh, yes, I do like this album :)"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OTW', u"Unlike some of the reviews which fail to mention the soundtrack, mine discusses the cd. It is truly wonderful... it is all the more exquisite if you have seen the film, and even more so if you are familiar with the novel and the characters. Thus, when you hear the songs, you are reminded of the scenes in which they were placed. The opening song, sung by the American Boy Choir, is enchanting and perfect for the film. But the song which holds a dear place in my heart most of all, number four, is &quot;Madeleine's Lament&quot; the song used for the moving scene between Louie and Claudia concerning Madeleine, and whether to make her a vampire to care for Claudia if Louie cannot... this scene is my favourite part in the film, and never ceased to provoke tears. The same is with this song...Overall, the songs are wonderful and this album is worth purchase... I have almost mercifully forgotton the Guns 'N Roses song, since it is unworthy of hearing. I suppose they just threw it in to give the film some 'hip' ending or something- I prefer not to think about it. But this cd is wonderful, and perfect for either film or novel fans, or both."))
(5.0, (u'0800141709', u"&quot;Dr Strangelove or:How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb&quot; may be the only comedy ever made about neculear war. This 1962 satire of Cold War politics is witty and sharp, and is almost as funny as it was insightful.  If you are left of center in your politics it is espitially entertaining. It savagely attacks the Cold Warrior mentality and makes a statement about the arms race in a way you proably would not expect from a movie of it's era, while staying light and funny.An Air Force general, convinced that his impotence is due to a commie plot to make americans weak and impure (the flouridation of water), decides to put together his own first strike so the US will have to follow and wipe out the Russians.  The movie chronicles the President (Sellars), the General's Brittish aide (Sellars) and others try to stop the destruction of the world.  Other charachters include a twisted Nazi scientist, Dr. Strangelove (Sellars), the bomber crew (including James Earl Jones and Slim Pickens), and the archetypical Cold Warrior (Scott) who advises the president it is all a great idea.I could write a hundred pages and not convey how much this is worth seeing. If you like good black comedy, if you think the Cold War was absurd, or if you just like good films, this is a classic and should not be missed.  Hope you love it!Peter Sellars plays 3 parts.  George C Sott and James Earl Joenes are in it.  Stanley Kubrick directed it... can't miss...  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002ILG', u"I've put &quot;HUNGRY&quot; as one of my top 10 most favorite songs of all time.  I love the guitar tone and the rifs that the guitarist puts into this song.  Most of the songs on this album are really enjoyable. I especially enjoy the famous &quot;Wait&quot;, and Lady of the Valley - which conjurs up visions of some King Arthurian like legend.  I've also enjoyed how many of the songs end at unexpected times - forcing you to think about how this band is slightly different from most other hard rock bands of it's day.  I've really enjoyed this album and Mane Attractions.  The other ones aren't so great - mostly because the lyrics are at times, painful to listen to (clich&eacute;)."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NY8', u"Neil Diamond's &quot;Love Songs&quot; capture the ache in our hearts when our best efforts at love fail miserably or succeed fulfillingly.  They convey the desperate longing for one more chance to make it all right again or to rekindle anew the comfortably passionate relationship providing the staying power of abiding love.Diamond's words cause our most poignant desires to love and be loved, to take flight, gliding through ethereal heavens in dream-like gracefulness.Sometimes the images arising in our minds from Diamond's lyrics overpower sense and sensation.  Almost immediately we know our delicate hearts have been exposed to an affective probe that ferrets out each hidden pain and tortured memory we can never seem to let go of.  Still, amazingly, we open ourselves further to a consumated discovery.Diamond's &quot;Love Songs&quot; refreshens and restores our sensitivities to the excessive price we all pay to open ourselves to loving and being loved.  His words make us brave enough to risk it all over, again and again.  Diamond's word's makes us believe that to accept anything less is to really die a sad and lonely and worthless death.--Kevin Michaelis"))
(5.0, (u'B000003PSK', u"It took me quite a long time to actually find a copy of this, (4 years after it's release if you want specifics) but it was definitely worth the wait.  Listening to this Cd, you &quot;feel&quot;... pure and simple.  Most of Olivia's songs don't come acrosss so emotionally empowering.  This one's definitely from the heart. What touched me the most were the dedications and inspiratons for each song that preceded the lyrics in the cd jacket.  Knowing why a song was written, or what it meant to her (Olivia) made it all the more thought provoking and personal.  All of us have fears we have to face, and embodied in Gaia, is the inspiration to stand up and face those demons, or at least, remind us that we are not alone in feeling them.  If I had to name a favorite song, I probably couldn't.  Each one has been a favorite for different reasons and at different times.  Which reiterates my earlier point-- listening to this cd will make you feel.  You will probably find yourself relating to some facet of emotion as you listen.  From the upbeat &quot;Not Gonna Give In To It&quot; to the heart wrenching &quot;Don't Cut Me Down&quot;, I found myself on an emotional roller coaster.  I've been a fan for a long time, and I love everything I've seen and heard to date, but I don't think anything tops Gaia: One Woman's Journey.  This is definitely a MUST have."))
(5.0, (u'B00000035O', u"Whenever my collection of monolingual singer/songwriters begins to sound tired, I count on this album for relief. Anyone adventurous enough to invite this bilingual folkie over to the house will be richly rewarded. Tish has a strong alto voice and a keen eye for detail (listen for the way she describes cowboys &quot;In the Real West&quot;). My only gripe with &quot;Culture Swing&quot; is that it doesn't sustain any one mood. You can dance, snuggle, or sing to the songs on this album. As if that weren't enough, &quot;Something in the Rain,&quot; its portrait of lost innocence, will make you think twice about cropdusting, agribusiness, and the whole notion of better living through chemistry. The album draws indiscriminately from pop, folk, and country traditions, but that's okay. Tish knows her way around the Rio Grande, and shares its secrets with the rest of us. Her rhythm guitar is solid, her backing band is good, and her voice is to die for. When you want to know what the American Southwest sounds like, start with this album and then listen to its road-weary soulmate, &quot;At My Window,&quot; by Townes Van Zandt. Afterward, if you want more songs in Spanish, get Linda Ronstadt's &quot;Canciones De Mi Padre,&quot; or buy more Tish Hinojosa!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KCG', u"This outstanding album is a compilation of Lightfoot's very best songs up to the time of its original release as an LP (1975). The CD contains 11 songs originally recorded at United Artists (two as medleys) and 12 songs from his first five albums at Warner Brothers/Reprise. Three of his four biggest commercial hits are on this album (If You Could Read My Mind, Sundown, and Carefree Highway) making this an excellent first Lightfoot album to buy. (The fourth big hit, Wreck Of The Edmund Fitzgerald, was written and recorded later in 1975. You can find it on Summertime Dream, or, in a rerecorded version, on Gord's Gold Volume II).The rerecorded songs from his UA period ('66 - '69) are all truly exceptional songs. A true Lightfoot fan would want to have both the original UA recording (in a much simpler style) and this one, but there is no arguing with the fact that the Gord's Gold versions of these songs are exquisite. In particular, the recording of Canadian Railroad Trilogy, perhaps his finest song, sends chills down my spine and the recordings of Early Mornin' Rain and the medleys For Lovin' Me / Did She Mention My Name and I'm Not Sayin' / Ribbon Of Darkness demonstrate his songwriting and singing at their very finest.In addition to the three top-10 hits from his Warner Brothers years, Lightfoot has included several other masterpieces of that era. My favorites of these are Minstrel Of The Dawn, Beautiful and Don Quixote.This album is a 'must have'."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OYG', u"This is my second favorite Debbie Harry Record only to The Hunter.  When the album starts with I Want You, you can tell the nine songs will all be electric.  Debbie uses computers to highlight her beatiful voice throughout the record, but they are soft and relaxing, unlike the long, boring Koo Koo songs.  This record offers a wide selection of music for everybody.  Buckle Up is a service anownment as Free to Fall is a soft song.  The only hit off the record, French Kissin', is bilingual.  I suggest this record to anbody that likes Blondie, Debbie's songs, or Jazz Passengers. The price is right!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JDJ', u"It is ironic that in this 'dark age' of three chord alternative music clones that someone would release such a 'dark' yet refreshing album. It certainly has somewhat of a goth/pop appeal (as does lili if you've seen her live, adorned in a fiery red dress, playing the violin as if she were possessed)yet general listeners and musicians alike can enjoy the commercial and musical sides of this album.While some segments of the album sounded kind of thin compared to her live performance, the warm, sharp strings, emotional vocals, and barely audible background vox touched me. I can't seem to put this album away. She does an excellent job of leaving the listener confused as to whether this was just a wonderful production made to sound emotional or if these words were hers- straight from the heart."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HFL', u"Contrary to what Dave Henderson may happen to think - I don't find John Henry repetitive at all.  TMBG's music has a great quality that makes it medeocre at first glance, but the more you listen to it, the sweeter it gets, and the more hooked on it you become.The plethora of sounds and never-ending pile of quirky subject matter that TMBG has at their disposal is always interesting to listen to, at the very least and many times borders on musical genius.  (In my humble opinion).If you liked &quot;Lincoln&quot; or &quot;Apollo 18&quot; or even if you got into TMBG more recently with &quot;Flood&quot; - you'll be able to appreciate the material on John Henry."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HMH', u"Though they've endured fierce critisism for this album, it's all come from the wrong people and based on the wrong things. That music periodicals consistanly labeled this album as &quot;Metallica's foray into alternative&quot; it is not - and any reviewer that is of that opinion should have their credentials revoked. Ain't my bitch and 2x4 are rough, swaggering bluesy tracks that are a welcome change of pace from simple speed-metal tracks. King Nothing stomps heavily and is reminiscent of the &quot;Justice&quot; days, especially with the &quot;Blackened-esque&quot; opening. Songs like &quot;Mama Said&quot; and &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; highlight James Hetfield's highly-commendable improved vocal range  and ability.The eerily catchy rythems and melodies in songs like &quot;Waste my Hate&quot; and &quot;Ronnie&quot; make for addictive listening.All in all a welcome addition to anyone's music collection, and a must-have for all true Metallica fans who can overlook the media hype to see the true musical value."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UA0', u"Coming on the heels of snappy, non-threatening psychedelic singles like &quot;See Emily Play&quot; and &quot;Arnold Layne,&quot; Pink Floyd's road map really begins here, in the opening seconds of &quot;Astronomy Domine.&quot;  While their only other competitors for creating the First Psychedelic Record might be the Beatles or (my pick) the 13th Floor Elevators, Pink Floyd had the daring to steer away from blues-based rock, and The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn (a reference to Kenneth Grahame's Wind in the Willows) reflects a fascination with free-jazz, English folk, and serious guitar noodling the likes of which really hadn't been tried before in any commercial setting.  This is guitarist/singer's Syd Barrett's masterpiece, from the spy-movie soundtrack of &quot;Lucifer Sam&quot; (check out the 13th Floor Elevators' &quot;Roller Coaster&quot; if you ever doubted that Roky Erickson and Syd Barrett knew of one another, or, at the very least, were on the save wavelength) to the serious freakout of the first spacerock classic, &quot;Interstellar Overdrive.&quot;  From this point on Pink Floyd would mature, master their instruments, and create some great records, but they would never recapture the freshness of the music contained on Piper At The Gates Of Dawn, which represented a real paradigm shift both in how pop music was made and listened to.  One complaint that really has nothing to do with the album:  why doesn't the record company or the band collect this album and all of Pink Floyd's Syd Barret singles together into one package?"))
(5.0, (u'B000007QDC', u"While some songs from &quot;Try Whistling This&quot; are a real departure from Neil's past work with Crowded House, Finn, and Split Enz, one thing remains constant: Neil Finn once again displays his song-writing brilliance.&quot;Sinner&quot; is incredibly lush, dark, haunting and I haven't been able to take it off repeat for days.&quot;Faster Than Light&quot; is yet another showcase for Neil's gorgeous harmonies.  If you don't get the chills when you hear it, well...&quot;Loose Tongue&quot; &amp; &quot;Twisty Bass&quot; are a groovy new avenue for Neil, and one which he should continue to explore.All in all, &quot;Try Whistling This&quot; is an album that shows Neil's got a sense of adventure as well as a little funk to go along with his already finely honed lyrical and musical ability.  Work it Neil, you GO!But seriously, I hope this album receives the attention that it deserves from new listeners, old fans, and the industry.  You'll be missing out on another jewel if you don't buy this."))
(5.0, (u'B000000V5V', u'I can not even begin to say how much of a blessing the music of Steven Curtis Chapman has been in my life.  I can honestly say that his songs have always been an encouragement when I needed it most and have played a huge role in my growth as a Christian.Though this is not the exact compilation I would have chosen, (for example, how could he have omitted the song &quot;Higher Ways&quot;??) I think it is worth buying the CD just for the new songs.However, this is a particularly great place to start if you have never heard his music before.  (You will not regret it.)  Recommended.P.S.:  &quot;Higher Ways&quot; is on the album &quot;For the Sake of the Call&quot;'))
(5.0, (u'B000001FR6', u"Since its release in 1969, The Who's seminal rock opera, &quot;Tommy&quot; has been re-recorded a total of four times - first as this soundtrack to the Ken Russell film, then as a studio recording featuring an all-star cast and the London Symphony.  In 1990, a live recording was released as half of The Who's &quot;Join Together&quot; box set, recorded on the Tommy 20th Anniversary tour, and finally, as a cast album to the early-90's stage version of the opera.  Each of these recordings has had its share of ups and downs - the harshness of Pete Townshend's music is dulled by the strings and horns on the Symphonic recording, the Juilliard-fresh cast of the stage show enunciate the strong lyrics to the point of blandness, and the live recording is rearranged in schmaltzy late-80's style.  After listening to any of these subsequent versions, even the rock-solid original concept album sounds slow and thin.  All of these detractions leave the soundtrack, released on CD in 1994, standing firm as the superior rendition of Townshend's material.  Featuring inventive rearrangements of the original music, and a host of celebrity turns (Ann-Margret as Tommy's mother, Tina Turner as the Acid Queen, etc.), the soundtrack is the most creative interpretation of the source material, while still holding fast to the core tenet of the original version - solid, hard rock.  Opening with a wickedly fast overture not featured in the film, this album sets the stage for what the listener should expect from subsequent tracks - familiar tunes, revamped in a way to make even those dearest to your heart fresh.  While the film burdens the material with heavy-handed symbolism, jarring imagery, and poor acting, the soundtrack overcomes all of these obstacles simply by not having to deal with them. Once the Naziism, the Christian symbols, and the dancing girls with gas masks are stripped away, we are left with a sharply energetic recording.  Observe Elton John's styling on &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot; - conceivably the most w! idely remembered song from Tommy, or from the Who's extensive catalogue - and you will find not the John who, in today's world, puts us to sleep with revamps of decade-old hits, but rather Elton in his prime, pounding masterfully on the keys, adding a sharp vitality to already-outstanding music.  Also notable are Eric Clapton's blues-rock twist on &quot;Eyesight to the Blind&quot; - which augments the jarring rock of the original version with a downright mobile blues riff - and the brutally alive instrumentals in &quot;Acid Queen,&quot; and &quot;Sparks.&quot; Listening to this album, one can hear Keith Moon, John Entwistle, Pete Townshend, and Roger Daltrey (in the title role) at their absolute peak, augmented by a Murderer's Row of the best in the business circa 1973, and with enough resources to actualize their potential as one of the greatest rock groups in history.  So, the bottom line is, when Tommy-shopping, choose wisely.  You may end up with Ringo Starr singing &quot;Fiddling About.&quot;  To avoid this, click right above, see, feel, and touch the 1973 Tommy."))
(5.0, (u'B000001C9P', u"yup- i know beavis and butthead gave them a little fame- but to us people that liked gwar before there little &quot;15 minutes&quot; of fame--remained loyal and remained fan after those &quot;15 minutes&quot; if you haven't heard a sample then you are missing some crazy stuff all lyrics are fun and humorous-if not outrageous they have been around (from jerry springer shows to there own little tapes of live concerts-which you should check out--nothing beats a live concert of gwar) for a  long time now to gain there loyal fans who hail them as there scumdog leaders........give em a try--if they don't grow on you...........they will-if you like it ....or not ragna rock and roll!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001E6H', u"Lauren Christy is truly a fantastic artist and should be more recognised throughout the world. Much of her music is used in films like &quot;The Colour of Night&quot; and my personal favourite &quot;The River of Time&quot; I would definetely like to hear and see more of Lauren's cd's in my country Australia. I picked up her debut album in the USA on a recent trip as it was not available to me at home. I encourage Lauren to keep making these wonderful songs and to market them world wide as it would surely benefit such an amazing talent as the one that Lauren possesses."))
(5.0, (u'B000003ZDG', u"I got this cd back in Feb. '95.  It's still one of the cds I listen to the most in my collection.  I remember the salesguy telling me &quot;they've got everything but the kitchen sink.&quot;  Well, they do in fact have a sink in there.I think one of the reasons I enjoy it so much is that if I could put my personality to music, this would be it.  It's wild, it's a bit crazy, it's very fun.  And while you may think &quot;what in the world??&quot;, you cannot deny the musical talents this group hasThe lead singer has sort of a low, soothing voice, and the bass player is simply incredible.  If you like ska music, this is it.  They do also have two more cd's, and each one gets a little more &quot;calmer&quot;, and their newest title, &quot;Russian Lullabies&quot; is a keeper.  Highly recommended!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000DGG', u"This album is made up of songs recorded before &quot;Blue&quot; but released after. A prequel of sorts. Forget the fact that means these recordings were made by a  pre-teen and you will still be floored by the pure vocal power of LeAnn Rimes. Trouble is there are  few songs here to showcase the talent. Oh, she can belt out a standard with such ease and sincerity  that you'll love it but give her a song that would challenge and her voice will take you to a level rarely reached. Priceless jewels here are &quot;I Will Always Love You&quot; and &quot;Unchained Melody&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'6304496672', u"One of the best opening scenes ever shot in a Kung Fu movie. Jet Li moves with ease dispatching Japanese toughs with magnificent traps and locks leaving dislocated arms, legs and jaws in his wake. Fist of Legend is a worthy tribute to Bruce Lee's &quot;Fists of Fury&quot; set in Japanese occupied China.Jet Li is a member of the Chinese National Wu Shu Team so the Kung Fu you see on screen is for the most part real. Sit back in your easy chair with the remote and be prepared to rewind and watch the fight scenes again and again. If your good enough you might even learn 'Hua Fist'.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6303095054', u"In &quot;Sonic's Song&quot;, Katty Karlise writes a song about Sonic (and I assure you the theme to the SatAM version is better). Robotnik, being a music-hater, creates the Music Destroyer robot, which captures Katty. Sonic and Tails head for Robotropolis to destroy the MD and rescue Katty. Meanwhile, Robotnik wants to write his own song (that gets my vote for &quot;Most Annoying Song of 1993&quot;).Then in &quot;Best Hedgehog&quot;, Uncle Chuck (I can make part of this review up!) informs Sonic and Tails to rescue Lucas, a prisinor Robotnik locked up after sending King Acorn to the Zone of Scilence. When Lucas is rescued and brought to Knothole, Sonic must reunite Lucas with his girlfriend, Lucinda (but Robuttnik thinks Lucinda was in love with him!).  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000025RI', u'Thriller is the Biggest selling album by a solo performer in life. Michael Jackson has always been a man of records and a man of History. He is listed at least three times in the Guiness Book of Records, and he was called by the People Magazine as the &quot;most famous man in the world&quot;. He might not be too popular, but still famous. Thriller was a combination of pop, rock, and soul. Songs such as Billie Jean, PYT, and Wanna Be Started Something just have the force of making even the dullest person groove! This is a MUST buy for every person who likes to take life happily and ful of dancing.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000067YK', u"If you listen to the first DT albums, and the last one, you'll probably notice a big difference. You may like the first ones or Falling into infinity, if you like the first ones (I Mean every albums until Awake)You'll love Liquid Tension, It would be even better if it was reallly the full DT but, the musicians in this album are just excellent, if you're a musician, remember how challenging was to play DT for the first time, now you can do it again!! if you're a non musician listen to it it's incredibly entertaining a mix of progressive rock, fusion, and metal. just two words more to resume it: IT RULES!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006OB0', u"From the first note to the very last, the &quot;Never Say Never&quot; CD is superb and well worth the wait.  Brandy's vocals are top notch.  I hear a little Mariah, Janet, Toni, &amp; Whitney and it's very good.  I love &quot;Angel In Disguise&quot;, &quot;Never Say Never&quot;, &quot;Tomorrow&quot;, &quot;Put This On Everything&quot; the cover of &quot;Everything I Do I Do It For You&quot; and much more.  The production on this record is very slick.  Her producers (Rodney Jerkins &amp; Co.) will have their pagers and cell phones ringing for days.  Even the liner notes were outstanding.  I am very glad for Brandy and very impressed with her latest.  Everyone else had better take note...."))
(5.0, (u'B0000072SA', u"Vanessa Paradis has shown that she is not only a model, but also possesses a sweet voice which can charm and woo any listener. On this CD of live songs she performs all her greatest hits from her previous three albums. The second song, Les Cactus which is a well known tune in France will surprise many Americans with it's fresh sound. She runs through vocal performances with the greatest of ease and the overall sound on the album is surprisingly good considering it is a live recording. She delights with As tears go by, a cover of the Rolling Stones song. Also included is some of the great successes she had with Lenny Kravitz. Any Lenny Kravitz fan will do well to buy this album. Songs like Be me Baby and Sunday Mondays which were huge hits all over the world are done with great enthusiasm and the listener sits enthralled as she glides through the songs with her haunting voice. Some other big hits included on the album are Tandem, Natural High, I'm waiting for that man and Joe le Taxi. I can recommend this album for anyone looking for something fresh and different. This is an album that will make you fall in love with the artist."))
(5.0, (u'B0000047B7', u"I can't add too much to the grammaphone review except to say that I looked REAL HARD at this cd for over two years before I bought it and never felt like my life was complete without it.  When I did finally buy one used I realized that I should have just bought it when I first saw it 'cause that was two more years I could have been enjoying this GREAT Collection.  Just get it now and don't make the mistake of waiting.  Then get as many others as you can on atlantic and other labels and don't stop.  Rahsaan is like no other."))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y9R', u"Motorhead's &quot;Overnight Sensation&quot; is another monster album from a truly monster band! &quot;White noise is coming&quot; are the first words you hear on opening cut &quot;Civil War&quot; and rarely has there been a clearer statement of intent. Bam! Right upside the head and we're off. Track two, &quot;Crazy Like A Fox&quot;, comes at ya in the locomotive style that is Motorhead's trademark. Bassist/vocalist Lemmy even throws in a harmonica solo of all things, but sure enough it works! From there the excellence continures 'til the final track has ended.  After over twenty years of releasing albums, Lemmy &amp; Co. are still at the top of their craft. I rate it as one of their best and recommend it as a great starter for those unfamiliar with the band. One listen will also confirm my belief that Mikkey Dee is truly one of rock music's most underrated Drummers and Motorhead's secret weapon.  I give 'em Five Big, Fat Stars!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002585', u"I can remember hearing this album (yes, vinyl!) through the wall of my bedroom while my older sister played it end to end, over and over. Just hearing the &quot;Real Audio&quot; samples of some of the songs brings back fond memories and I can still remember every lyric to every song as if I were singing along with them 20 years ago. Sure, it's a little dated, with some ideals and principals that were left back (with good enough reason) in the 70's, but the music itself is as timeless as any Beatle's song. Emotion runs high from start to finish. You can't lose with this record!"))
(5.0, (u'6304155697', u"Mark Frankel does a superb turn as the charming Daniel Becker, a body language expert who is finds himself at a loss when Katie Burrill (Amanda Pays) knows his every thought (literally).  Katie is tired of men and their thoughts - &quot;Men's minds are sewers!&quot; she says, but a persistant Daniel doesn't let up and insists they can work things out.It hard to believe Mark is gone, but thank goodness his memory lives on in his films and television work.I thought Solitaire for 2 was hilarious and funny, with two wonderful actors and a fantastic story.A romantic comedy, Solitaire for 2 is a funny, adorable film and worth a video rental!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002M6V', u"Finger snapping, bounce along, sing along songs with a musicality and fun that few children's music tapes have!  My 5 year old son and I have enjoyed this tape for the last two years and never tire of it.  Great for long tiresome car trips- lifts your spirits.  Particularly enjoyed the two different versions of Skip to my Lou- shows how a bluesy tinge of an old classic can make any song sound good. &quot;Train&quot; theme is particularly inviting and interesting for pre-school boys (mine has been a train nut!)  Doesn't insult the musical taste of the parent which too many kids tapes do."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MFN', u"Madonna opens the cd with the album titled song, &quot;Erotica&quot;.  This is Madonna at her best, creating shock value with her sado-masochistic lyrics coming from the charachter &quot;Dita&quot;.  Dita describes to the man or woman of her &quot;affection&quot; what she can do for them.  On to the next song, Fever.  A beautifully crafted re-make with an added line involving the love of Pocahontas and John Smith.  The third song Bye Bye Baby is letting people know that she will not be hurt again.  It also incorporates a line from Erotica, &quot;I'd like to hurt you&quot;.  Deeper and Deeper the next track is a great dance song, going back to a 90's disco theme.  Where Life Begins is a description of excatly that---using the anology of a evening meal, dining out.  Bad Girl is telling a tale of a sex, tobaco, and alcohol addict who doesn't want to hurt the people she is with.  Theif of Hearts is a tale of how someone stole a womans lover and now she is going to pay.  Rain is the wonderful song that has become a classic and is also included on the Something to Remember compilation album.  Why's It So Hard has kind of a reagae beat and asks why it's so hard to love one another.  This song seems to come from the heart as does the next song, In this Life, written about two of Madonna's friends that have died of AIDS.  The last song Secret Garden is rather haunting, with a spoken lyrics and sung chorus.  All around this is a wonderful album, but be warned, if you are easily offended this is not the cd for you.  If you are a Madonna fan, it's a great add to your collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MIF', u"If you are a fan of The Smiths or Morrissey, you *have* to add &quot;Hatful of Hollow&quot; to your collection.  When this was first released on vinyl (&quot;way back when&quot;), I was lucky to stumble across it while browsing through some little record store on Broadway (here in Seattle, not New York).  Out of all the Smiths fans I knew, I was the only one who had it and it was very hard to find.  I don't value it only for that reason, I like it because of the sheer quality of the music, lyrics &amp; Morrissey's singing.  I am not one of the people who got into Morrissey as a solo artist because I so loved the work he and Johnny Marr (The Smiths' uber-talented guitarist) did together...  I can't listen to Morrissey solo without wishing The Smiths were still together..."))
(5.0, (u'B000001DJU', u"You know that game where you have a ring of people and you whisper a message around the circle, and by the time it ends the message is nothing like what it started?  This box set reminds me of that.  If you pass down a folk song like Henry Lee or Booweavil Blues enough, it becomes so idiosyncratic and warped that it achieves brilliance ... behold, 6 CD's worth.  And even the songs that sound terrible (how 'bout the howlingly offkey &quot;One Morning in May&quot;?) stick in the brain. Whatever conceptions you have about folk are blown to hell here.  A memorable experience!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002ADP', u"I grew up on the original vinyl version, which is now almost too worn to play.  This remastering is outstanding, and includes a couple of additional cuts.  My favorite track is Beale Street Blues, because it captures a period and a culture so well that I felt I knew it intimately many years before I actually got to Beale Street.  It, above all else, was Handy's place.  The street has changed now, with a different blues (my son runs a studio on Beale now).  But the power of Louis' presentation -- not only on this song but the rest of the album -- is timeless.  The liner notes for the original vinyl say that when W. C. Handy heard Louis recording his music, it brought tears to his by then sightless eyes.  It still moves me too."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VR3', u'This album collects her twelve best recordings, regardless of chart placement.  As this set shows, Tillis is an expert when it comes to singing about relationships, and usually unstable ones at that. She can be humorous (Cleopatra Queen Of Denial, Mi Vida Loca), vengeful (Dont Tell Me What To Do), yearning (Maybe It Was Memphis), and reflective (Let That Pony Run, River And The Highway). Whatever the mood, she delivers the goods.  Especially noteworthy are the two new recordings: All The Good Ones Are Gone - an all too realistic look at being single and in your thirties (it was nominated for song of the year at every country awards show), and Land Of The Living - an uptempo wake-up call to a person who has recently fallen out of love and returned to the real world.  With not a dud in the bunch, you cannot go wrong with this album.  It is the strongest by a female country artist in many a moon.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000033DF', u'Sam C. Phillips\' Sun Records was the first powerhouse independent label in the fifty-year history of Rock &amp; Roll. Its catalogue, performed by rough-edged musicians who turned out consistently innovative material and several Top Ten hits, has been the subject of many exhaustive reissues, and Rhino Records\' The Sun Records Collection is the most thorough "overview" package of the innovative label to date. From Bear Cat to Lonely Weekends, Rhino\'s 3-CD box set collects the best trend-setting and chart-topping hits released by Sun and Phillips International, the lesser-known but equally influential records (like Sonny Burgess\' Red Headed Woman), and a generous selection of material recorded at 706 Union Ave. before it became the Sun Studio (Jackie Brenston\'s Rocket `88 and Howlin\' Wolf\'s Moanin\' at Midnight, both issued originally on Chess, are here.) The set divides its material into three comprehensive profiles of Sun\'s major phases. Disc 1 covers the early years (1950-54) of Blues and Country recordings, with featured recordings by B.B. King, Howlin\' Wolf and Doug Poindexter, as well as the "A" side of the only single issued on The Phillips label, Joe Hill Louis\' Gotta Let You Go. Disc 2 moves into the Rockabilly Era (1954-56), and features many of the recordings that made the label famous, among them Elvis\' That\'s All Right, Carl Perkins\' Blue Suede Shoes and Johnny Cash\'s I Walk The Line. Disc 3, which features the best Sun recordings of Jerry Lee Lewis and the Phillips International hits by Bill Justis, Carl Mann and Charlie Rich (the "undubbed" master of Lonely Weekends is worth the price of the set!), takes Sun retrospective into its final years (1957-68), when the music it helped shaped began to topple its trend-setting status.Unlike the "complete" collections issued by other labels, which allow the listener to follow the rise and fall of Sun, The Sun Records Collection highlights the definitive music that shaped the future of Rock &amp; Roll. The dedicated Sunophile may still want to he! ar every Sun recording that\'s available, but Rhino\'s set is the best way to hear every Sun recording that changed the face of modern music.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002TTU', u"My first experience with Everclear was a performance on Saturday Night Live:  bared down set of guitar, bass, drums.  No rock star tragedy of drowning instruments and delay/reverb/flange the vocals; at this point in their fame, they were legitimate rock stars, but in their minds they were playing in their garage with second-hand equipment, dreaming that they were rock stars.  That attitude that carried the songs sold me.  I bought the album.Everclear was New York City in the summer for me.  The New Jersey suburbs, Central Park and beating down the streets Manhattan.  And the hot New England drives, recovering from that summer and that girl and the soundtrack was life this much was there and it was Everclear, I'll say again.  Every year or so, I find an album that binds together the most significant vibes of my life at the time.  Useless frenzy, the nihilistic relishing of this-what-we-call-life, the emotional breaking of barriers for what you feel you need to do...  this was Sparkle and Fade."))
(5.0, (u'B000000FG8', u"This disk culminates the recording career of a band too young to know what a good thing they had.  The beats and skanking guitar can't be rivaled by any band.  Bay Area Punk/Ska is defined by this band.  All other bands are compared to this one.Their message has the purity of old school Punk.  The sound is raw.  A lot of times, I think the Clash's London Calling should have sounded like this.  The songs have a jagged hooks.  They cling to your soul.&quot;Sound System&quot; is a classic.  the indie station has had it in its rotation for years.  Mayhem erupts with every song, lasts maybe 2 minutes.  Then the best part.  2 more minute of mayhem.  27 of them. And a one of them is a great cover of the old Nancy Sinatra song, &quot;These boot are made for Walking.&quot;The drumming is fast. The bass lines are right where they ought to be.  Lint (aka Rancid's Tim Armstrong) plays wonder phased out guitar notes.  Somewhat reminiscent of the Kinks.  Whether a Ska song or Punk, Lint doesn't fail.The vocals are almost hoarse at times.  The passion shows. Each note sung is not labored, each is more of an internal struggle of Jesse's and Lint's voices to just reach out to one more listener.The first time I heard this album, I was amazed.  I was getting a ride from this girl I worked with.  I asked who she had on her tape player.  She said, &quot;Operation Ivy.  It's happy music.&quot; I just smiled back at her.  I was, happy."))
(5.0, (u'B000001JOL', u"Upon reading the &quot;critic's&quot; summation of this sublime album, I ask one question? Who the hell are these people? The radio bleeps and noise are NOT filler by any means! This album is a symphony of movements, a progression of ideas and analogies of physical energy to human emotions. &quot;The voice of energy&quot;, in all its simplicity and iciness, is a heart felt proclamation that it is energy in its purest form, that gives us both music and the power to destroy ourselves. The melodies are hauntingly eerie and beatiful, and the integration of the static and the geiger counter only heighten the anticipation. Only narrow-minded people who look at pop albums as a cliche'd list of non-related songs complete with conventional beats, vocals and endings would consider the &quot;movements&quot; on Radio-Activity &quot;filler&quot;. What nonsense. This album is cinematic music in its utmost form."))
(5.0, (u'B000000V1E', u"Audio Adrenaline has raised the bar another level with this album. I saw them in concert on their latest tour and had to have this album. Musically it ROCKS!!! The band is getting better and better. If you like lots of driving guitar this is for you. Some of the lyrics are coming from experiences of the lead singer, Mark Stuart. &quot;Some Kind of Zombie&quot; is refering to the vudu practices in the Haiti where Mark spent time as a youth with his family. The witch doctors would drug people to make them appear  . After the funeral they would then give the person the antidote to awake them. They would walk out of the cemetary looking like a zombie. Then the witch doctor would claim to have power over  and life. They used this to create fear and further their hold on the people. This song uses this story to illustrate how we are  to sin and alive in Christ. We don't have to be afraid.  &quot;My Chevette&quot; is about what it means to be in ministry. &quot;No A/C, no FM, and no regrets, in my Chevette.&quot; He is speaking of his dad, a minister, who he describes in the song as  &quot;a rich, poor man.&quot; He is illustrating that ministry is more than earthly reward; that it holds &quot;riches&quot; beyond the understanding of the world.  Overall this is a great CD. I cannot recomend it enough."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JAI', u"TFE is yet another awesome CD from Rush. Sure, some critics may say the lyrics are cliched, but really, what are they comparing it to? What other group/artist can speak so intelligently about current affairs, philosophies, etc? What other group is so well read and thought provoking? The critics can go to hell. I love Rush and always will. A few of my favorites are &quot;Resist&quot;, &quot;Driven&quot;, &quot;Half The World&quot; and &quot;Dog Years&quot;. I must admit, I'm a major fan of Neal Peart's lyrics, so I'm quite biased. But the music is great, too on this CD. &quot;Driven&quot; makes you truly feel that way through a combination of forceful lyrics and driving music. Get this CD if you're a Rush fan...or even if it's your first Rush purchase. You won't be disappointed."))
(5.0, (u'B0000076NB', u"Sheffield's Warp label, from its genesis as a sort of underground railroad for the most iconoclastic of electronic artists -- people like LFO, The Black Dog and Jimi Tenor -- to its current status as one of electronic music's most important and influential labels, boasting a stable of ur-weird genre-busters like Squarepusher, The Aphex Twin, Nightmares on Wax, Autechre and Boards of Canada, is well represented on this release.  Both longstanding fans of the label and neophytes alike will find plenty to enjoy here; most all of the Warp roster, from the distinguished (Autechre, Plaid, Aphex Twin) to the obscure (Elektroids, DJ Mink) put in an appearance or two, and many of the selections are previously unreleased or long out of print.  The songs are set in the mix by PC and Strictly, the Ninja Tune team who aided and abbetted Coldcut on 1995's seminal piece of turntable bricolage,  '70 Minutes of Madness.' The Ninjas are in even finer form here, seamlessly blending the pitching static of Red Snapper's &quot;The Last One&quot; into Aphex Twin's plangently ambient &quot;Saw II&quot; without batting an eyelash. The result? A dense carpet of songs that clatter, beep and wheeze with a rhythm that's somehow both organic and disressingly not so.  Always engaging, sometimes disturbing, 'Blech II' is both an apt rendering of one of electronic music's most interesting labels and a tribute to turntable mixology at its most deft."))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q8Q', u"today, at least to me, it seems there's a lot of bands too hard to call &quot;hard rock&quot; but not lame enough to call &quot;metal.&quot; drain exemplifies this. it's not full of played-out blues progressions and it's not stupid overly-distorted guitar over some brainless idiot growling, but great music with great vocals and a definite depth into the way maria and martina feel (i believe these two write most or all the lyrics.) basically, maria sings beautifully, flavia's guitar work is adequate and not annoyingly self-righteous and anna and martina work together so very well to form an infectious groove that propels the music. a truly magnificent effort from 4 very beautiful and talented ladies."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025D0', u"I STRONGLY disagree with reviewers who claimed that this was &quot;not a great album&quot;.  They are missing the point:  this IS a great ALBUM, a cohesive artistic vision.  Springsteen is a masterful storyteller and, like Dylan, creates a portrait of a world and invites us to visit.  Springsteen's range on this album is incredible, from hard rock songs such as &quot;Prove It All Night&quot; and &quot;The Promised Land&quot; to the haunting ballads that are the best songs on the album:  &quot;Something in the Night&quot;, &quot;Racing in the Streets&quot;, &amp; the title track.  What is fascinating about Springsteen is that he has defied commercial demands (for the most part) and has been rewarded with huge commercial success.  His body of work has a single vision of a hollowed-out America populated by rootless searchers.  The car, as in almost all his albums, serves as metaphor for the aimlessness of his characters.  This album is a masterpiece!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001EAN', u"I walked into a local music store and squirming its way through the speakers was a little band called &quot;Ednaswap&quot;... I tell the clerk that I like what I hear and he gives me that bands name... Pity it was the only copy they had. SO... a month later I see Wacko Magneto in the listening station. I recall the band &amp; I give it another listen... The first song, &quot;Stop Counting&quot; grabbed me and pulled me away like a wonderful memory... I listened to half of the album right there &amp; bought it. You should do the same. This band has talent, a unique sound thats not too different. All the songs end in ways that just leave you with a complete feeling inside without sounding &quot;poppy&quot; in the slightest sense. Thanks, Ednaswap... for being one of mynew favorite bands. These are the guys who wrote the famos &quot;Torn&quot; song that Natalie I. covers. Give credit where it's do. Enjoy this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002X3X', u"In my opinion, John Pizzarelli is a jazz guitarist/vocalist who deserves greater recognition.  Although not a natural vocalist, he sings with a feeling of sincerity reminiscent of the crooners that were popular during the big band era.  His guitar work is extraordinary.  Whether the song is upbeat swing or a slow ballad, he can do it all.  In upbeat charts such as &quot;Avalon&quot; and &quot;Little Girl&quot;, Pizzarelli whips out bebop licks and chord riffs with blinding speed.  He handles ballad chord solos and comping with such delicacy and sensitivity in such numbers as &quot;It's Sunday&quot; and his original composition &quot;The Day I Found You&quot;.  Don Sebesky did a masterful job of arranging the charts and conducting his big band.  Popular music fans will be fascinated to hear the Beatles cover, &quot;Honeypie&quot;, arranged as a hip, swing, big band chart.  A definite keeper for jazz aficionados!!!"))
(5.0, (u'0790729687', u"&quot;Interview With The Vampire&quot; the book was brilliant, the movie was too. With an all  star cast, with Tom Curse (Lesat), Brad Pitt (Louis), Christian Slater (Reporter),  Antonio Banderas (Armand), Kristen Dunst (Claudia), and Stephen Rea (Santino) you  can't help but fall in love with the tale as you are taken from New Orleans with Louis  and Lesat, then across Europe to Paris with Claudia and Louis and meet the vampires of  Paris in &quot;The Theatre Des Vampires&quot;.  The talented thespian's take the magic from Anne  Rice's book and turn it into an hour and a half's delight. Read the book then see the film, absolutely worth it.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003JYH', u'That is a huge claim, but I believe, backed up by this remarkable album.  It is at once timeless and immediate.  It can be seen a story cycle, a classic look at America, as it starts with a man describing his working conditions as brutal and hopeless -&quot;Grindstone&quot;- and proceeds to depict scenes of madness, murder, undying love and biblical damnation.  However, the album ends on a hopeful note with the song &quot;Wipe the Clock&quot; which suggests that there is redemption for all of us.  This album is both a scathing critique of american gangster capitalism, the death penalty, nuclear power, but also believes in the healing power of love.  The music is very spare, stripped down to bare bones acoustic, but is still some of the most haunting music ever put to wax.  A very American album, you can hear all the musical echoes from the Carter Family, Woody Guthrie, to anybody whoever sat on his front porch and plucked out a blues; from a Kentucky back holler to the Mississippi Delta.  If anybody ever asked me to name a list of albums that most represented and reflected our country, this album would rank high on that list.Buy It.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003NA4', u"It's all here. Take all the best qualities of every great female singer you have ever known and put them all together. Diana Krall is even better than that. Just the right amount of breathiness with an outstanding clarity and a distinctive catchiness makes her voice easy to listen to, over and over. Her piano licks are marvelous too. In fact, I wouldn't mind having her do an all piano album. And it doesn't stop there. The album cover has several pictures of her that make me think Diana could hold her own with the supermodels. For goodness sakes, buy this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000005OOS', u"This is the best album by the Brothers Dassing that I have heard yet, besides Continuum. It is an intense powerhouse of industrial beats and dark aural surreal imagery. These good ol' boys from Texas (of all places) really know how to make music that is just as enticing to dance to as it is to listen to on a pair of good headphones under the influence. Any sci-fi or cult movie fan would love this album, it has tastefully injected samples from Blade Runner (The gear-head film of choice), The Devils (a demonic cult film by crazed British director Ken Russell)and Demon Seed (a fascinating sci-fi cult flick from the late seventies). These films clearly served as an inspiration to the elaborate composition found in this work."))
(5.0, (u'B000003G5R', u"When &quot;Ragtime&quot; first was released with the Toronto in-progress work, I dutifully purchased it, kinda listened to a bit of it, and then put it on the shelf.  Then this year's Tonys came around, my interest was piqued, and I purchased this 2-CD set of the Broadway cast.  Was I insane before or what?  This is thrilling, brilliant work and I can't recommend this highly enough.  I thought I had grown past my long-standing Broadway period, but maybe there was just nothing to listen to, until now, as I can't seem to keep this off the CD player.  &quot;Wheels of a Dream&quot; and &quot;Daddy's Hands&quot; are embued with such passion and heartfelt drama.  I feel like I should write a fan letter, which I don't even DO &lt;g&gt;, to Audra McDonald!  While I don't want to diss &quot;The Lion King&quot; 'cause I think that Julie T. must be a genius in terms of staging, THIS is music as opposed to the conglomerate of writers that represented T/L/King music and lyrics (I'm surprised that Michael Eisner didn't claim a writing credit too).  Well.  There.  Go out and buy this and feel what amazing, thrilling musical theater is all about."))
(5.0, (u'B00000099X', u"as a huge tool fan, be aware of some bias here, but i read the previous reviews and feel more should be said. first off, allow me to say confidently that danny carey is the best rock drummer today, hands down. if you're a drummer, buy this now and spend the next few years learning his parts, you won't regret it, it will take your playing to a new level. it did for me. now...this is not an album composed of songs, songs composed of lyrics and intruments, but a work of art. never have i heard any band relay as many ideas from as many sources on such a macrocosmic level. from jungian theory to the chakra to phychedelia to bill hicks (the late comedic genius sampled on the final track), this band forces you to think. it is unfortunate that so many people fail to recognize the implicit beauty of this work. i myself have learned so much from drawing from the sources used to create this work. Quite possibly, this may be among the top 5 conceptual &quot;albums&quot; of all time."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009TX', u'I am sure many of you are familiar with the movie which airs almost every year around Thanksgiving.  When I was young, I had the soundtrack on an old 33 RPM album.  I played the record so much, you could barely hear the music any longer.  Call me crazy, but the title song, &quot;Chitty Chitty Bang Bang,&quot; still ranks as one of my all time favorite songs.  I tried in vain for years to replace the album; and forget about trying to find it on CD.  Finally, it has been re-released, and on CD!  Be a kid again!  Enjoy the music for yourself!  Recall the old days of a young Dick Van Dyke!  And if you know where I  can find one of the old Chitty Chitty Bang Bang toy cars, let me know!'))
(5.0, (u'B0000061QK', u"I decided to search for this CD after I saw the Rugrats Live on stage. The music was very cute, and it was a variety of music, from rap to calipso (or maybe reggae) style. I didn't buy the CD at the show, but I knew I had to have it, when my four year old son starting singing the opening song the next day after hearing it for the first time. He loves the CD more than I do. I highly recommend this CD.Caution to parents: A few lyrics include references to normal body functions that children (and adults) find humor in."))
(5.0, (u'B000006E4T', u'If you are a fan of Savatage, especially the post Gutter Ballet albums, this album is for you. Another rock opera, The Wake of Magellan, finds Savatage back with original vocalist Jon Oliva, while still retaining the formidable talents of vocalist Zak Stevens. The band is as tight as I have ever heard them, and the vocals are outstanding throughout the entire album. I will not detail the story behind this rock opera because it is not really that compelling, but the music certainly is. Two songs that I cannot get out of my head are Morning Sun and the title track. Both songs start out kind of slow but become full blown rockers. I highly recommend this album to all Savatage fans and to anyone who likes hard rock that requires some thought and intelligence to listen to. But please do not get me wrong, this album rocks.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000ORO', u"I bought this CD in 1992 and was very surprised when I first heard it. From 'Young Lust' to 'What It Takes', the songs captivate the listener extremely well. You will find yourself playing the entire CD through each and every single time. In my opinion, EVERY SINGLE SONG on it is GREAT. No mediocre ones, and that's a pretty hard thing to say about an album these days. This is the kind of band that truly reminds me of the reason for my love of rock n' roll in the first place. This album contains flawless performances and great lyrics by the greatest band in rock history! Heck, it even scored Aerosmith their first Grammy with the song 'Janie's Got A Gun' - a great song. Even after 6 years now, I still take it out once in a while and take it for a spin. I'll always love this CD. In conclusion... GO OUT AND BUY THIS ALBUM!!! You'll thank me for it.  :)"))
(5.0, (u'B000000UMA', u"To start off, LOA is not for the uninitiated.  With their sexy lyrics and in your face attitude, they can frighten those who aren't prepared.  But for those ready to tittilated. This album simply rocks. &quot;Out comes the Evil&quot; reminds me of Sesame Street on crack(that is a good thing in this album). With it's total distortion of &quot;Pop goes the weasal&quot;. &quot;Crablouse&quot;, the single that I (very) occasionaly heard on the radio, is a very playful look at sex (and STD's) in the 90's. Warning: I learn a new word everytime I hear it. A must by for those who are not offended easily."))
(5.0, (u'B000000V21', u"&quot;Wherever you are&quot; has become my favorite Christian c.d.  The styles and moods vary throughout the c.d. and one moment you'll find yourself lifted up and inspired and the next, find yourself reflecting on the lyrics of the ballads. &quot;Angels Dance&quot; is upbeat and catchy with a pop flavor.  &quot;Hazy Days&quot; and &quot;Well Water&quot; are countrified and the voices sound like the Judds.  You'll be humming these songs all day long!  Then at the very end, lies the gem.  &quot;The road less traveled&quot; is a bluesy ballad with a melancholy touch.  The Martins have overcome personal obstacles and sing with conviction and compassion.  They are truly gifted.  Enjoy!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000721R', u"I discovered John McDermott when I visited Halifax five years ago.  I purchased DANNY BOY because that was a song that I remembered hearing my brother play on his trumpet when I was growing up. I was moved to tears by the selections on this  recording.  As a history teacher, I found that such songs as AND THE BAND PLAYED WALTZING MATILDA and CHRISTMAS IN THE TRENCHES brought a whole new life to the &quot;forgotten war.&quot;  I have used both songs during the unit that I teach on The Great War.  I also have developed a love for McDermott's songs of Scotland.  Listening to him sing, I feel that I must stand someday on the banks of Loch Lomond.  I feel a tug toward the home of my MacLeod and MacAskill ancestors.  Of course, the lyrics alone would not make these songs effective. I love McDermott's voice.  I wish that I were educated in the area of music appreciation so that I could find the right words to describe his voice.  It fills the air around me, and it fills my soul.  I purchased this recording as a cassette tape and have played it so often that I have worn the tape out and need to replace it.  I can't think of a higher recommendation than that!  I went to Nova Scotia in search of my roots and found McDermott instead.  It was definitely worth the visit."))
(5.0, (u'B0000073DY', u"First, let me confess I have the  American version and I just can't quit  listening.  The various guitarists  perform inspired blues work and, when  accompanied by Rodger's excellent  vocals...well, it's just a MUST HAVE for  any blues man.  Steve Miller's rendition  on Hoochie Coochie Man is unique!  What  an innovater!  David Gilmore's crying  guitar work in Standing Around Crying  will leave you drained and Rodger's  vocal work here is equally inspiring.  Gary Moore will really move you as he  thunders through his rendition of She  Moves Me.  Rodger's anquished voice is  most convincing.  Jeff Beck makes 3  appearances topped by his soulful I Just  Want To Make Love To You.  I could go on  about the other guitarists but I'll just  guarantee if you're a blues fan you'll  thank me for convincing you."))
(5.0, (u'B000007QDC', u"I stumbled across Crowded House in college and have been a rabid fan since then, snapping up new albums as they came out, (Woodface is on my all time favorite list)...but became a bit disenchanted when Neil broke off to work with Tim.Where Neil is smooth and melancholy, Tim is jagged and psychotic. Vocally, they are also divergent...Tim brought an odd edge to their workings together...which  was why i was happy to get a solo album from Neil. I didn't like it at first, but was used to the &quot;grower&quot; syndrome with Crowded House albums (if you LOVE it on first play, you're sure to HATE it later..) I first heard &quot;sinner&quot; as I fell asleep the listening to it the night I got it home, and it hasn't left my brain since. Other favorites are &quot;faster than light&quot; with its beeootiful harmonies, and &quot;Loose Tongue&quot; and &quot;Twisty Bass&quot;, cuz they're kinda creepy. lovely lovely record..."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ALT', u"I've had the fortune of seeing RENT! twice- once in New York and once in Boston.  Let me tell you- the recording does the musical complete justice!  Adam Pascal is so gifted, and it shines through in the album.  He sounds great in person too!  If you listen to this album and you are not uplifted, listen again.  The late Jonathan Larson was such a gift to the theater community, and it is a tragedy that he is now gone in body.  But his indomitable spirit lives on in the characters in RENT!  Buy this album, see the musical as often as you can.  It's an experience everyone must share!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000024UU', u"Firesign Theaters artistry is entirely based on audio recording. While originally released on LP records (you know, those funny black disks Grandpa has in the attic), the recording techniques and tricks employed by this comedy troupe were WAY ahead of its time. Thus, like Alan Parsons engineering efforts on Pink Floyds &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, even Firesigns earlier efforts translate to CD gloriously.Whereas in college I was forced to don earphones and listen repeatedly to catch all of the nuances in the famous &quot;Ralph Spoilsport Motors&quot; opening (where nearly half a dozen satires are going at once) they shine forth from the digital remastering as if you were hearing it the first time.The entire piece is stunning in it's complexity: Everything from california freeways, altered states of consciousness (with a quick side trip into Alice in Wonderland), US military aggression, and television are crammed together with James Joycian allusions that give the listener new insights almost every time the record...excuse me, the CD...is played. The group even gives Mr. Joyce a nod with a direct quote from the ending of &quot;Ulysesses&quot; to end the piece (with a seamless segue from a reprise of Ralph Spoilsport selling drugs instead of used cars to leave you with the feeling that the CD case was somehow...coated...with something potent :-)Firesign Theater is NOT for everyone. If you enjoy inside jokes flavored with the not-so-obvious, are fairly literate and like to mess with your friends minds, pick up this CD. Monty Python fans will find the pacing familiar, and often fans of one are fans of the other. If you like it, another masterpiece would be &quot;Don't Crush That Dwarf, Hand Me the Pliers&quot;.  If you'd like to start with something lighter, try &quot;Everything You Know Is Wrong&quot; or &quot;In the Next World, You're On Your Own&quot;.Be forewarned... you may find yourself quoting some of the more bizarre phrases (running gags that span several CD's!) without real! izing it."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EVD', u"Rush's 1980s work shows growth and maturity. In the early '80s, Geddy Lee began adding keyboards and synthesizers to the trio's progressive power sound and the results were rewarding. The departure of producer Terry Brown and the gaining prominence of the keyboards precipitated a noticeable improvement from which the band not since lapsed. Despite some notable achievements on the 1970's companion volume, this volume, truly captures Rush at its pinnacle. In fact, many of the group's '80s studio albums are stronger as a whole than the aforementioned 1970's greatest-hits collection.  Still, &quot;Presto&quot; and &quot;Roll the Bones&quot; are easily the best Rush studio albums ever and it's obvious that the reason neither of those two albums are represented here is because they are each greatest hits collections of their own."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NX9', u"This is Jerry Jeff's finest hour.  At his pinnacle in the early 70's backed by the Lost Gonzo Band,  you will find these songs agreeably stuck in your head after the CD is over.  Among the great songs: &quot;Gettin' By&quot;, &quot;Little Bird&quot;, &quot;Get it Out&quot;, &quot;Sangria Wine&quot;, are even better songs.  Everybody's heard &quot;Up Against the Wall Redneck Mother,&quot; but advance the CD player to Gary P. Nunn's &quot;London Home Sick Blues&quot; for the rousing anthem of Austin City Limits--it will make you feel like your &quot;back in that place.&quot;  Finally, &quot;Desperados Waiting for the Train&quot; may well be Walker's greatest song--better than Mr. Bojangles.  It may tear your heart out. No Jerry Jeff fan can be without this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002ADT', u"This will go down in history as the greatest album of all time - in any genre.  Everything fell into place when the tape started rolling.  Davis, Coltrane, Adderley, Evans, Chambers, Cobb, Kelly - one would have to think hard of a more impressive line-up that is actually greater than the sum of its parts.  To this reviewer, this is an album that evokes pure images of night at its liveliest, sleepiest, and at its most romantic and reflective.  If you love jazz and don't have this - shame on you.  If you don't like jazz, buy it anyway; it's the best musical investment you'll ever make."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AHC', u"In the depths of what was an increasingly tense relationship between the Byrds created this masterpiece.  Every band seems to have its own Sargent Pepper or Pet Sounds.  This was the Byrds contribution to the psychadelic era.  While the Beach Boys brought the surf to the psychadelic era and the Beatles brought classical string instruments with electronic gadetry, the Byrds brought pedal steel guitars, compression, and phase shifters.  It is an album to listen to while driving down a country road as its country influence is unmistakeable.1. Artificial Energy The Byrds did not hide their experimentation with drug use unlike the Beatles (aka Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.)  This song blasts the effects of coming down off of amphetamines.  It is a brutally honest look at drug use both during and after.  Blaring horns and tinny sound mixed with phase shifting effects produced a sound experience unlike any other in 1967 on this uncomfortable song.2. Goin' Back The vocalist mourns the loss of childhood as a man trys to recapture his boyhood.  The pedal steel guitar is at its best here.  The song is a slow meandering excursion.  It is a well polished tidy song complete with chimes.3. Natural Harmony Roger McGuinn shows that his experimentation with subtle phase shifting and finger picking can enhance a song without overwhelming.4. Draft Morning This is one of the many political statments on war during the 1960's.  Its floating feel created by light fingerpicking and rythmic bass help the vocalist to examine the horror in the eyes of a youth who has just given in to the fact that he will have to kill and maybe even be killed in a war fighting someone he not only does not know.  At the end of the song you hear a guitar playing Tapps.5. Wasn't Born To Follow This song was popularized by the movie &quot;Easy Rider&quot; with Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper.  There is a scene around sundown where they ride their choppers down the highway through the forest leaves which, &quot; break the light in co! lors that noone knows the names of.&quot;  The Byrds gets the most out of their pedal steel guitar and phase shifter on this song which is the best on the album.  It was also the second of two Goffin/ King songs on the album (Goin' Back being the other.)6. Get To You More pedal steel guitar with overlaced strings and vocal meanderings.  This is a lighthearted song about flying to London to meet someone not seen in 20 years.7. Change Is Now A catchy guitar riff intros this song which is repeated occasionally throughout.  A tinny never-ceasing bass provides an airy backdrop to this song.  A pedal steel guitar crops up occasionally to let one know the song has country influences.8. Old John Robertson This song contains lots of quick finger picking and a steady fast drum beat which brings one back to the gound for just a moment.  It is the story of a loner, John Robertson, who wore a Stetson Hat.9. Tribal Gathering This song is an excursion into stream of consciousness, again with an airy quality.  The song fits together neatly and is broken up only by an occasional screeching guitar.10. Dolphin's Smile One of the first songs of the sea written by the Byrds (both Roger McGuinn and David Crosby would write again of the sea) this song traces the general high spirited tone of the album.  There are effects which sound like dolphins tastefully included at the beginning of the song.11. Space Odyssey This is probably the most dissappointing song on the original album.  It does not seem to fit.  Its abrasive feel ruins the album concept.  It does give the feel of an alien presence caused by synthesized sounds and a hint of overdistorted guitar.  It is a disturbing vision of the mysteries of outer space.  It is also strongly related to 2001 a Space Odessy.Bonus tracks... 12. Moog Raga (Intrumental) Moog Raga fails to evoke any feeling except, &quot;the Moog synthesizer can be stretched past its limits.&quot; The experiment although interesting is not an example of pleasing music.13. Bound!  To Fall (Intrumental) An interesting departure from the light fluffy quality of the &quot;mother&quot; tracks.  This track pounds interesting guitar riffs into a pleasing businesslike ditty.  It actually sounds like it belongs on &quot;Younger than Yesterday&quot; which pre-dated &quot;The Notorious Byrd Brothers&quot;14. Triad In the summer of love everything was game.  This David Crosby track includes dark sexual references used less for mind expansion than alterior motives.  David seems to ask &quot;do these lifestyles really belong in the closet?&quot;  It is an attempt to convince a second love to form a &quot;Triad&quot; with another.  The simplistic backgound instrumentation is beautiful even if the message is disturbing.15. Goin' Back (Version One) This early version of Goin' Back is not as light as the track that made it into the original album.  It is also not quite as polished as there are no background vocals.  It is a nice look into the evolution of the song.16. Draft Morning (Alternative Take) This is basically the same song as the original with the exception that it does not fade when Tapps begins at the end of the song.17. Universal Mind Decoder (Instrumental) This is one of the early incarnations of &quot;Change is Now&quot; before a very attractive high bass range guitar was added by Clarence White which added to the song by breaking the Roger's mind decoding guitar picking.18.  A comercial from Gary Usher backed by &quot;Goin' Back&quot;19.  Dolphins Smile The breakup of a band is never pretty and the breakup of the original Byrds was no exception.  David Crosby began working on this album but would not finish.  He can be heard arguing with drummer Michale Clarke as the song began to evolve.  In this light the song reminds one of the Beatles &quot;Let it Be&quot; motion picture which documented their breakup.  While the Byrds would not officially breakup, it would be the beginning of their evolution into country rock and only McGuinn would remain after the next alb! um &quot;Sweetheart of the Rodeo."))
(5.0, (u'B000002X49', u"When I first heard &quot;Broken Wing&quot; on the radio, little hairs on the back of my neck stood up and I had chills.  That is what Martina McBride's powerful voice does to me.  Not only has she chosen beautiful, intellegent songs for this album (an evolution from past works) she knows exactly how to interpret them.  Yes, she can belt out a chorus like no one else, like on &quot;Be That Way&quot; and  &quot;A Broken Wing&quot; but she shows wonderful range and lets the song tell the story as in &quot;Wrong Again&quot; and &quot;Whatever You Say&quot;.  Her ballad cross-over &quot;Valentine&quot; proves that this country singer can not be stereotyped and stands in a class by herself.  I would highly reccommend this cd to anyone who likes to feel their music in the pit of their stomach."))
(5.0, (u'B000003348', u'I have heard all of her albums and corresponded with Kate up until the time of her death in 1986. She was a unique individual who brought her heart into her music and wanted to share it with the world. Her music moved me to a point that I have never been moved by an artist before or since I heard her the first time in 1980.  She was a remarkable soul that has been taken from us just as she was blooming in her music.  The dolphin song and ship at anchor caught my attention to the point that I have never loved music as much as I have with Kate Wolf.  Buy all her albums, listen to them with your heart and you will find something that has been missing in your heart that she captures and holds you with a &quot;slender thread&quot;.  Enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!!!'))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZFP', u"There are two parts to this unusual album (in record form it was a double LP.)The first seven tracks were recorded live in February of 1970 at Queen's College, NY.  The general feel of the concert is one of muddied, rauncy, rockin' typical of late 1960's to early 1970's concerts.  It is almost enough to bring the album down to four stars.The second part of the album contains a varitey of lasy, country-hippie ballads, folk stylings, and truckstop blues tunes.  Unlike &quot;Sweetheart of the Rodeo,&quot; which was the Byrds first full fledged excursion into country music, Untitled's studio recordings offer more variety.  The album succeeds because of this and the quantity of work.This album is not for the bubble-gum Byrds fan but rather for the Byrds fan who has grown tired of the predictable teenybopper boy meets girl songs popularized in the early and mid-1960's.  The original Byrds lineup had totally changed with the exception of Roger McGuinn.  The &quot;new&quot; Byrds Bluegrass/ Country influence had matured and maybe had begun to ferment a little. The Byrds were continuing an experment begun with &quot;Sweetheart of the Rodeo.&quot;  Due to its variety the Byrd's (Untitled) exists in a class with the Beatles (White Album) and is therefore not for everyone.Live Recordings1) Lover of the Bayou Lover of the Bayou blasts out Cajun Voodo phrases and gives off a feel of pure Louisinia swamp Mo-Jo Ranchy Rockin'.  &quot;drank blood from a rusty can.&quot;  This is the best song by far of the live tracks.2) Positively 4th Street McGuinn speeds up a classic Dylan tune.  The &quot;new Byrds&quot; barely pull this one off.3) Nashville West Nashville West was first introduced on &quot;Dr. Byrds and Mr. Hyde.&quot;  This catchy Clarence White/Gene Parsons instrumental composition would become a trademark of the country rock Byrds and actually influenced other Byrds spinoff groups.  Here the song suffers from the challenges of a live performance but is still enjoyable.4) So You!  Want To Be a Rock 'N Roll Star From the opening cord, this song blasts out the classic song that would also be covered live by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.  Again the song is not perfect but the energy of the live recording compensates for reduced technical accuracy.  One can feel the power of the original song in this updated 1970 styling.5) Mr. Tambourine Man and 6) Mr. Spaceman Mr. Tambourine and Mr. Spaceman with Feedback and interspersed lead guitar?  These songs fail due to their age and styling mismatch.  The overwhelming booming bass drounds out the texture of the somewhat monotonous lead guitar.  The result is a collage of half hearted attempts to finish the songs as quickly as possible.7) Eight Miles High We may never know just how long this song was.  It fades in from silence.  In record form it lasted for an entire album side.  It is good backgound music for your retro-party.  If you have the time, we've got the &quot;lead.&quot;Studio Recordings 8) Chestnut Mare This classic McGuinn composition tells a tounge in cheek story about a wild horse and its rider.  The acoustic and electric guitar blend complements the  inventive lyrics.  ...is that really a horse he is talking about?  Or is there something between the lines?  You see I have a friend of a friend...9) Truck Stop Girl If there ever were a song that fit the image of a truckstop cafe/ bar this is it.  Its dribbling mumbled lyrics paint a picture of a lonely truck driver who is in love with a beautiful &quot;truck stop girl.&quot;  The melodic ordinary panio playing cords, the strummed acoustic guitar, slow drums, and lasy tambourine give the feel and taste of greasy chicken fried steak and beer rather than gourmet luncheon at the country club.10) All the Things McGuinn sings this lazy song speaking of &quot;things wasted along the way.&quot;  It has that tired feel that one gets sitting under a shade tree after working hard all morning followed by a seven course country dinner.11) Yesterday's Train The s! liding steel guitar whines of storied relationships and passing time.  A look back at life experiences.12) Hungry Planet If you listen close you can understand what McGuinn is singing.  This is a slow ecological song about what man has done to his planet.  The tasty moderate fingerpicking contrasts with the slow drums and vaporous vocals.  The song works, painting a picture, however one has to &quot;look&quot; closer to &quot;hear&quot; what it is all about.13) Just a Season The lyrics of this song are written in a similar light to &quot;My Back Pages&quot; from the &quot;Younger than Yesterday&quot; album.  Another past tense song.  Again the background instrumental played with a &quot;String Bender&quot; guitar create a beautiful fingerpicking backdrop.14) Take a Wiff on Me A pleading cocaine pusher is literally begging a member of the Byrds to &quot;Take a Wiff&quot; in this upfront tune.  Although the lyrics are somewhat undesirable, it is at least entertaining.  The song succeeds due to some excellent mandolin playing and fingerpicking.  A hippie cowboy goof to say the least.15) You All Look Alike More nice mandolin picking with some whinney fiddle.  McGuinn is again at the vocal and does an excellent job of telling the story of a shootist who has met his match, his girlfriend, or has he?  &quot;...all in fun I'm dyin on the floor.&quot;  He looses the gunfight and is &quot;lying there and dying there&quot; as the town folk watch him bleed to death, or is he?16) Well Come Back Home  This is another play on words.  Is he welcoming someone back home or is he pleading with someone to well, come back home?  This two part album ends with this two part acoustic rhythm/ electric lead song.  A belting drum helps to develop a hypnotic feel which builds throughout the song.  At the end the lead singer breaks into a gibberish chant before fading."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HP1', u'First heard this guy on Trance Planet Vol II (Triloka Records) and fell in love with his music. Having listened to World/fusion music for more than 30 years -- and knowing that some music can be hard on the ears/soul -- I can honestly say this album has some of the sweetest music I have heard: his voice resinates in my being.  Even when he &quot;rocks&quot; he is &quot;soft&quot;.  I once put him on a tape deck at sunset of a full moon, turned off my lights, and cruzed through that high desert of the Basins and Ranges for hours: a memory I will carry with me always.  He made it one of the true highlights of my life.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000IRB', u"Dark Side holds the record for remaining on the top 100 Billboard list for over 15 years.  The secret to music of Pink Floyd is the universal and flexible concepts of the music itself.  Dark Side is still just as relevent and meaningful as the day it was produced, some 20 years later.  Songs like &quot;Money&quot;, &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Us and Them&quot; will never become outdated so long as the problems of money, time and war continue in this world.  The day that Floyd music becomes obsolete is the day when I'll be glad to give it up for a better world.  It's this overall concept of the problems and  state of humanity that makes the lyrics  of Floyd so enduring. Combined this with a panarama of sound and music from Gilmour with the lyrics of Waters, you get something that cannot be equaled."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OBJ', u"QUEEN II wasn't as sucessful as A NIGHT AT THE OPERA and you won't find any anthem like &quot;We are the Champions&quot; in it, but it is the best Queen album.They never sounded as authentic as in this album. Ok, the lyrics may be too naive for an adult to sing seriously, buy who cares? It's only rock'n'roll, anyway. The arrangements are precious and the approach unique. Do you know any other band that would compose &quot;The March of the Black Queen&quot;, &quot;Nevermore&quot; or &quot;White Queen&quot;? They are 100% Queen.The highlight is &quot;Father to Son&quot;, an epic ballad that manages to contain somewhere in the middle the most devastating heavy riff  of Queen's career. &quot;Ogre Battle&quot; (in its own eccentric way) and Roger Taylor's &quot;The Loser in the End&quot; (a more mainstream rock) deliver some of the best heavy rock in town. &quot;The Fairy Feller's...&quot; is so exquisite but it is a splendid example of Mercury's flamboyant talents. &quot;Some day One Day&quot; is such a lovely Brian May  song, the gentle voice and the amazing guitar tones offering a moving number.The hit of the album was &quot;Seven Seas of Rhye&quot;, but more than any other Queen album, the second one was made to be heard as a whole.For those that like early seventies heavy-progressive rock or are curious to listen to the powerful Queen in its most radical moments,  QUEEN II is a great option!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001IO0', u'80-85 is loaded with classic BR tunes.  Their lyrics are amazing.As a sophomore in high school, some girl in my biology class introduced BR to me.  She said, "you might not like their music, but their lyrics are amazing."  So, I bought my first album - "Stranger Than Fiction."  It\'s been 6 years and I now own ALL BR albums, including imports and a solo release ("American Lesion") composed by BR lead singer, Greg Graffin.  BR is a disease. Friend by friend, I got everyone I know to listen to them.Greg Graffin has played solo at my university. He played some song requests, despite that he was unprepared to play them. He\'s got a degree from Cornell University (Vertebrae Paleontology) and he\'s taught at UCLA.  Smart dude.I\'ve been to 2 BR concerts, and I\'ve seen them play at the "Warped Tour." Their live shows are awesome.  All their fans know the lyrics each song.If you like high energy, raw music ("your indecision is your....WHOOAAAH!...BAD RELIGION!), you NEED 80-85.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000V1C', u"Wow!  When on of my students told me I would like this group, I had no idea how right he was.  This is probably one of two c.d.'s I own which does not have one mediocre number on it.  Every song is worth hearing repeatedly.  The c.d has a nice mix of fast moving numbers with slower songs which focus on the person Jesus and what he means to us.  Two numbers you will want to hear over and over again are &quot;End of My Rope&quot; and &quot;Sea of Forgetfulness.&quot;  I highly recommend this c.d. to anyone who likes good, good music which is just all about who God is."))
(5.0, (u'B000002I8D', u"It's a shame that most people only remember the signature drum beat at the end of In The Air Tonight, because Face Value is much more.  The album reverberates with a powerful depth and intensity stemming from the breakup of his first marriage - you can feel the intensity oozing thorugh every song, though especially on the opener In The Air Tonight and the closer Tommorrow Never Knows (which in my opinion blows away the Beatles' original).  As much positive press as it recevied (Phil did win a Best New Artist Grammy), except for In The Air Tonight and I Missed Again, Face Value is still an underrecognized album.  It's a shame that most people don't know about standout tracks like I'm Not Moving, Thunder and Lightning, and Tomorrow Never Knows.  Buy and listen to a great rock album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IHQ', u"This is an incredible album - a perfect blend of Phil's signature drum beats and the soulful grooviness of his supporting cast.  Phil uses the drum machine and concentrates of the keyboarding a lot more in this album, but it really works.  Every song on No Jacket Required is an absolute winner and could've been a hit (it's a shame We Said Hello Goodbye wasn't commercially released as a single - it probably would have gone to #1 - that's how much the radio used to play it).  Of course the hits like Take Me Home, Don't Lose My Number, Sussudio, and We Said Hello Goodbye still sound great today, but some of the lesser known tracks (such as Long, Long Way To Go and Inside Out) rock as well.  No Jacket Required deservedly received the 1985 Grammy for Best Album -it's definitely the high water mark of Phil Collins' career.  Check it out!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002IJ2', u"Invisible Touch was the perfect embodiment of pop music back in 1987, when I was a sophomore in high school.  The album is chock full of hits and it's no wonder why - all the songs are extremely catchy and enjoyable.  Many of my friends thought this to be a &quot;sellout&quot; album, but you can tell this album was not a forced album, not trying to be a nonstop hit machine.  The songs on Invisible Touch have a very loose feel and still hold up well, over 10 years later.  Invisible Touch is a must for any Genesis fan and is probably the first one to buy if you're introducing yourself to the group for the first time.  It's the album which made Genesis my favorite group throughout high school and beyond - I think you will like it too."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NAY', u"Unbelievably Gloria Estefan does it again. Her versatility as an artist shines through on this album with it's vintage Miami sound machine sound, mixed and blended with a hip 90's dance twist. All of the tracks on this album are incredibly strong and catchy, so much so that they could each be singles in their own right. There are NO fillers. Estefans voice soars higher  than ever before and tracks like &quot;Oye&quot; and &quot;Don't stop&quot; as well as the first single &quot;Heavens what I feel&quot; are guaranteed floor fillers. If rap doesn't exactly send your taste buds flying (I'm not a fan myself) then the duet &quot;Don't release me&quot; with haitian rap king Wyclef Jean makes for a refreshing, lighthearted change. Starting as a  lyrically fun rap song, it flows into a Gloria ballad then when all is smooched up, the melody sweeps into a sexy dance number, twisting all that came before. Estefan rides this album like a  rollercoaster gone wild and she wants you to be there too!.  Get it NOW!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005CTZ', u"Bain states that this is his &quot;first recording devoted entirely to fiddle music since 1984.&quot; The playing on this CD is masterful, and the accompaniment tasteful. The 13 selections and medleys are drawn from a wide variety of traditional sources. Bain describes them as &quot;just tunes that I like and have happy memories about.&quot; Few of the pieces are likely to be immediately familiar to the average listener, but they are well chosen to show off the performer's talent, and extremely listenable. The haunting title tune was learned by Bain at a music festival in Finland. It will probably stay with you."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GHY', u"If you are an Amy Grant fan and have not listened to the songs on this CD, you need to buy it now.  Never in her career has Amy shown the world more of herself than she does through songs like &quot;1974&quot; and &quot;Faithless Heart.&quot;  The songs on this album take the listener on a trip through the heart and soul of the singer/song writter.  The situations which the songs portray  are real-life and down to earth--believable and understandable!  This has to be Amy's best work!  Even if you are not an Amy Grant fan, the truth with which this album is filled is simple enough for anyone to enjoy!!!  This album is a glimps into the deepest part of Amy Grant the person."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GOH', u'Not since &quot;Lead Me On&quot; has Amy Grant released an album that says so much about herself!!  &quot;Behind The Eyes&quot; really gets behind the eyes of Amy Grant.  With bold songs like &quot;Cry A River,&quot; this album cannot go wrong.  Amy Grant is not out to tell the world what is right and wrong, but rather to show the world that we are all truely the same &quot;behind the eyes.&quot;  In order to show the world that every person is the same in one way or another, she digs deep into her soul to produce songs that share her feelings--feelings that we all share:o) &quot;The Feeling I Had&quot; is my favorit song because the emotion which Amy feels can be heard in her voice.  A truely great album!!!'))
(5.0, (u'B000000OOE', u"Great deal for this EP.  It's pretty common, so if you haven't picked it up already, you probably aren't a huge Beck fan.  All 4 unreleased tracks are excellent.  The standout is the remix of &quot;soul suckin' jerk&quot;.  It's sbout twice as long with the original with extra verses and additional instrumentation thrown into the mix.  It's really not a remix at all, just a different version.  &quot;Fume&quot; chronicles a joyride complete with the two things no traveler should be without: nitrous and molly hatchet.  All songs would easily fit on to &quot;Mellow Gold&quot;, and prominently feature Beck's pop sensibilities.  That's it.  It's only 5 songs, so that's all I'm writing.  Buy it.  It's worth it. Thank you.  Good Night."))
(5.0, (u'B000001JIK', u"Having grown up in El Paso in the sixties is having grown up with Bobby Fuller. From his early appearances in the Bassett Center open-air mall to The Rendezvous, Fuller's northeast El Paso teen dance club on Hondo Pass, the sights, sounds and smells come back like they were yesterday. The listener is taken back in time to those much more innocent days of cool winter evenings and hot summer nights. This 2-CD set is complete with loads of pictures and faces in the crowd that you'll undoubtedly recognize if you were there. You'll find yourself singing along on many of the tracks, and wishing that Bobby hadn't been taken from us so soon."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J1O', u"...I happen to agree that Selling England By The Pound is an amazing album.  I Know What I Like is probably the wittiest song they've ever written (and one of their best).  The rest of the album follows suit - intelligent lyrics, gorgeous instrumentals, a very captivating CD.  Though I Know What I Like was a Top 10 hit in England, the album was virtually ignored both by England and the U.S.  That's a real shame because as Dancing With The Moonlit Knight, Firth of Fifth, More Fool Me, and Cinema Show will show you, Genesis was starting to hit its stride with this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J1S', u"Words can not begin to describe how awesome The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway is to me.  Hands down, not only is this the best progressive rock album ever, but also the greatest album of the 1970's.  I'll take The Lamb anyday over Dark Side Of The Moon, Led Zeppelin IV, Eagles' Greatest Hits, or any other &quot;classic&quot; album of the time period.  The Lamb is the perfect combination of superlative musicianship, expressive and engaging vocals, and imaginative and witty songwriting.  The opening piano sequence of the title track is, quite frankly, Tony Banks finest moment and still gives me chills every time I hear it.  I still laugh when Peter Gabriel realizes that he still is going to strike out (even after ALL of that preparation) in Counting Out Time.  Sometimes I feel as if there's no sign of life at all &amp; I guess that I'm alone...when I do, I listen to The Lamb to make me feel better.  It's that powerful of an album.  If I could, I'd give it more than 5 stars (especially disc 1, which merits about 7 or 8 stars).  It's a shame that Peter Gabriel left Genesis after this album - I truly feel that if he remained, that Genesis could've become the greatest band ever - they had that much creative potential.  With The Lamb, they were just beginning to realize this potential.  Add this album to your collection and enjoy the experience."))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y73', u"I do not know where to begin when delving into the insane menagerie of melody which has been brought forth for our pleasure by this oh so incredible trio. Primus is constantly upping their style, going the extra mile it takes to not just knock our socks off, but to tear them into shreds. Les's bass lines will echo through your cranium for days after hearing this album, while Herb and Ler's workings sum up to the perfect harmonius additions to keep it all within the realm of reality, but barely. Top it off with the frolickingly fantastic lyrics by Claypool himself, and you've got just what every Primus fan hopes for: another wall-smashing Primus album!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003R7G', u"One of the best trip-hop albums. This stuff is hat trip-hop is about. Dark, noir sounds, lounge feeling with a jazzy layer and hip-hop beats will make you want to dig out old dark jazz records. From the first track to the last, there is a sense of urgency, of melancholy which is trapped between eerie sounds and in a ghostly landscape. Excellent vocal transitions for every song. You have to check out the ol-skool scratches and the dusty record effect, giving it a vintage quality.. This is no Dummy, but it doesn't mean that isn't good. Portishead continues with this album the evolution of their crime jazz. I recommend this to all novices in trip-hop. Great album."))
(5.0, (u'B000005Z5H', u"There are probably four or five albums from the first wave of great Northwest rock &amp; roll (1958 - 63) that are both must haves and highly collectible and &quot;The Fabulous Wailers&quot; is at the top of the list.  This new import release is like manna from heaven - alternate takes, unissued tracks, and the complete first album - all taken from &quot;newly discovered&quot; masters that sound INCREDIBLE!!!  Clean, no hiss, no compression, some of these tracks are even in true stereo for the first time in print!!!  Hallelujah!!!  My life is now complete (until they put out The Viceroys' &quot;At Granny's Pad&quot; on CD)."))
(5.0, (u'6303921248', u"My family ( my 2 daughters and myself ) saw the series on Belgian television first in 1997.  We had to wait for 5 weeks before we knew whether Lizzy and Mr Darcy would fall in love. (I knew, because I already read the book several times, but I wouldn't spoil the fun).  Then ,we travelled to England, just to buy the VHS, and we also found the book : &quot;The Making of Pride and Prejudice&quot;.  I already possessed the complete works of Jane Austen.  My sixteen years old daughter is bewitched by everything remotely attached to Jane Austen and Regency.  Of course we liked ( loved) Colin Firth and Jeniffer Ehle a lot. we are also desperately looking for similar non-austen books.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000009R2', u"When I first heard Martyn Bennett, It was on The &quot; &quot;Thistle and Shamrock&quot; on my local public station,and I remember the music being described as &quot;trip-hop-afro-celtifunk&quot;. I must say,I was EXTREMELY intrigued! I sometimes tire of Celtic rock-like bands, but this was an entirely dif and Def twist! If you like something celtic with a modern beat that others are not yet listening to....then THIS is your the man of the hour and with the sound! I have friends who play the Oud,and Great Pipes, so the intermingling of both on this album is both interesting and never boring  The piobaireachd in the &quot;Waltz for hector&quot;,along with the poetry performed by Sorley Maclean as he speaks it,is music unto itself. If you pick up this album, check out the song decription on &quot;yer man from Athlone&quot;, it's a hoot!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H6C', u"If someone says they don't like 'Tallica, stick this album in their un-informed, judgmental little faces. Even though I was only 7 when the record came out (at the time when I was watching Ninja Turtles and wore Underoos), and most people say I am &quot;too young to aprechiate old school metal&quot;, this has been my favorite album since I bought it 4 years ago. Once you know what the song &quot;One&quot; is about (a man goes off to war, steps on a land mine, and comes back a human vegetable), it really gets to your soft side (no matter how small your soft side is). &quot;Blackened&quot;, a seemingly dark and scary song on the outside, turns out to be a song concerning the &quot;death of mother earth&quot;, and why we can't afford to take any more chances with our human existence. I am not just gonna say that it is the greatest album of all time, I am going to promise you, 'I promise', that even if you are a Nirvana fan or just returned from the depths of gangsta rap, this album will make you re-think what you previously thought about metal albums.  :ALSO: The cover sheet booklet contains the full lirics as well as some great oridinal artwork (including my favorite, the hammer of justice with the band's faces in it). All in all why wouldn't you drop 13 bucks for a truly great, oridnal CD?"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VCB', u"This album may not be one of the Projects best albums, but it does break some new ground for the band. It was the first album in which Alan Parsons employed female lead vocalists (listen for the most excellent Kate Bush !), and started a new trend in his instrumentals.One of the best tracks on this album is &quot;Lucifer&quot;, still today one of Parsons' best instrumentals. In many of the instrumentals he does today, you can hear the legacy of this song. It is a tough, edgy, somehow heroic song that puts one in mind of those nights when passion and anger between lovers makes a dangerous, ecstatic experience. The kind that will lead to a wedding or a divorce, and leaves you wondering later what ever possessed you to do either.&quot;Damned If I Do&quot; enjoyed limited commercial success it the early 80's, and is some of the bands best synthesizer work from that time. It is a song about being helplessly in love, hating the vulnerability and craving it at the same time. It calls to mind falling hard for someone you KNOW is going to be bad for you, and being unable to help yourself. Remember what THAT was like? Very sweet keyboard work in this one, and the vocals have just the right mix of self-hate, self-deception (&quot;...No, my friends are wrong, he/she isn't REALLY like that, and besides, this is different, and it is not either just a crush...&quot;), and naked yearning. Oh, man, the memories...For a total change of pace, the song &quot;If I Could Change Your Mind&quot; has some of the most gorgeous vocals on the entire album. It is a woman telling of her fantasies and hopes of recapturing a lover who dumped her hard. Sweet, sentimental, and somewhat scary, since after a few times listening, you begin to feel that her quest is not only hopeless, but it would be better if she failed. Something in this one suggests a guy who isn't WORTH having back, and suggests that the woman doesn't see that she can do better. Ladies, this one is absolutely for you!&quot;Don't Hold Back&quot; is THE f! irst time. I'm sure you remember your FIRST LOVE, or your FIRST LOVER, and how intoxicating it was. This song will make you smile, remembering the late-into-the-night conversations that seemed so deep then, the back seat bargaining sessions, the way you just sort of flung yourself headlong into it, full speed ahead and the Devil take the hindmost! Heady.There is one more that I must mention: the song called &quot;I'd Rather Be A Man&quot;. This is, simply stated, the ULTIMTE break-up song. 'Nuff said.This was the album that got me started as an Alan Parsons fan, and it has worn well. As a whole, it has a kind of goofy energy that appears only sporadically on other of the bands albums. You'll listen to this one alot."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VEP', u"As most of Alan Parsons' albums are, this is a concept album constructed around a central theme. As ALL Alan Parsons albums are, it is also far more than that: it is the tale of a man named Antonio Gaudi. Don't bother; you've probably never heard of him. Antonio Gaudi was an architect who was AT LEAST a century ahead of his time. He did not simply create buildings; his buildings were ART. Go look up La Sagrada Familia, his most famous work, and the inspiration for the first track on the album. You'll see what I mean.The first track, called &quot;La Sagrada Familia&quot; (which translated from Spanish means &quot;The Sacred (or Holy) Family&quot; is a lush, intricately constructed anthem which is also stirringly beautiful, just like the cathedral which inspired it. It should be Antonio Gaudis' epitaph.The nearly heart-breaking song &quot;Inside Looking Out&quot; speaks poignantly of the hideous irony and tragedy that befell the genius Gaudi. For all his unmatched talent and vision, he is remembered, when he is remembered at all, not for his fantastic art but as the first man to be hit and killed by a bus. The song makes you know what true bitter irony is.The second song, &quot;Too Late&quot;, tells us of the hardships Antonio Gaudi suffered in trying to find patrons for his works. It also tells of the anger and bitterness Gaudi must have felt when, again and again, his patrons stabbed him in the back. This is an edgy, hard song that captures the mood of betrayal perfectly. It also is, I think, the perfect break-up song.In &quot;Closer To Heaven&quot;, you can get a feel for what it must be like to be a genius driven by visions that cannot be truly realised because the technology, the tools, and the methods don't exist yet. This song is slow and beautiful, and the frustration of a dream limited by the world is a subtle but rich undertone.There is so much more to this album than I have room to say here. There is not, to my mind, one &quot;candy&quot; song on the entire album. If you have!  ever wondered why the brilliant are nearly always desperately unhappy, or what drives them to try to change the world anyway, this album will explain it to you. Listen to the music, and hear the heart of a man, and the spirit of an age."))
(5.0, (u'B0000073IC', u"This solo album of Terje Rypdal's, originally released on vinyl in the late 1970's, is a beautiful, poignant album that brings to mind the Nowrwegian country from which Rypdal comes.  While I am a big fan of many of his albums - primarily those he plays on, and not his strictly orchestral works - this is by far my favourite.A word of warning to those who are looking for Rypdal live these days however - I just returned from the Montreal Jazz Festival, where he was performing with his &quot;Skywards&quot; trio, and I was extremely disappointed.  The drummer looked and played like he was in a metal band, the keyboard player's sounds were trite and his playing unfocused.  Rypdal's chordal work was very true to form, but I don't know if he gets out much - when he solos, all the taste of his albums seems to go out the window.  So, listen to his records, but stay away from his shows!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q8J', u"I am writing this in mid-July, in Albuquerque, in 90-something heat and sizzling sun, and there is no more perfect soundtrack for this time than this album is.  Sweeter-sounding than her previous efforts, Lucinda Wiliams took 6+ years to get this CD &quot;perfected&quot;.  Was it worth it?  All that, and more.  Besides the songs, and her languid voice, and the pictures her lyrics paint, the arrangements are exactly what the material needs -- and gets.  I know this is my album of the summer of '98.  If you enjoy Americana-type music, do not hesitate to sink your consciousness into this soulful, sexy, simmering work of art."))
(5.0, (u'B000007QDI', u'Flaming Red is a great record. Songs like "One Big Love", "Change", "Wiggley Fingers", and especially beautiful "Mary" showcase a very different Patty Griffinthan what was heard pryor to this studio outing. She suretakes some new directions but she is a natural firecrackerand I love the way she takes risks for her art sake. Nopainting or book should be made twice, Patty isn\'t "ripping"any other singer off, I\'m sure she will be doing the acousticthing very soon, but hey this has some awesome songs thatshould have made Patty a star but it did get her attentionof the BIG GUYS I\'m sure. What ever she decides to do its alwaysfirst class, love this singer!'))
(5.0, (u'B000007QGL', u'While there was nothing wrong with the original 1966 cast album, something had to be done to restore the memory of Sally Bowles.  Natasha Richardson understands this sad, self-obsessed dreamgirl in ways Liza Minnelli simply could not and proves a talented, nuanced singer (as did her accomplished mother Vanessa Redgrave).  But the real star here is Alan Cumming, whose seizure of the role of the emcee from Joel Grey is nothing short of grand larceny.  The change from sinister to sexual was a good one; it finally gives this character humanity, rather than comic relief or story moving.  His wicked, self-consciously decadent performance will become a standard to which actors will spend years trying to match.  Mary Louise Wilson is also fine support as Fraulein Schneider; the arrangements are crisp and though going back some 60 years, feel eerily modern.  Depravity never looked, or sounded, so good'))
(5.0, (u'B0000059LY', u"The album is built around the history and pioneers of human flight. As does its' subject, the album soars. While the songs &quot;Can't Look Down&quot; and &quot;Fall Free&quot; are rather candy-ish and the albums weakest songs, the overall sound is breath-taking. The utterly, almost impossibly gorgeous &quot;Blue,Blue Sky&quot; (the last track on the album) is charged with an overwhelming feeling of hope and joy and desire, and is simply the most beautiful piece of music I have ever heard. I defy anyone with a pulse to keep their eyes dry during &quot;Brother Up In Heaven&quot;, which is the incredibly moving and spiritual song that inspired the concept for the album. If it's inspiration you need, listen to &quot;One Day To Fly&quot;, the piece written about Leonardo DaVinci--it speaks to the deepest human need to be more tomorrow than you are today...and it may change your life. It changed mine. Pay attention to the lyrics on this one.If you pay attention to &quot;Apollo&quot;, you can hear in the music the preparation and launch of a rocket. This one also has a sample of John Kennedys' speech which committed the U.S. to &quot;landing a man on the moon, and returning him safely to the Earth.&quot; that you will find stirring indeed.The CD-Rom is packed with Parsons trivia, some superb images and multimedia clips, as well as excellent artwork and info about the album, the group, aircraft, and the history of flight...and some impishly delightful surprises! Very heady stuff here. You can explore the CD for days without running out of things to see. There's just one little catch...and I won't give it away; it's too much fun to discover on your own. One hint: look for the letter from Alan Parsons. Overall, this album is not a collection of music, it is an experience, a journey, and an open letter of hope to that part of the soul that longs for freedom and new horizons."))
(5.0, (u'B000000W8C', u"On their 2nd LP, the Verve have managed to use all their influences: Can, Led Zepplin, Miles Davis, Nick Drake, and more, yet have crafted original, powerful, timeless rock and roll.  Every song is heartfelt and emotional with Richard's Ashcroft's painfully honest lyrics and soulful singing.  Nick McCabe's guitar work here is miles ahead of any of his peers.  His playing ranges from towering and immense to subtle and understated, but always tasteful, beautiful, and unique.  Plus, the Verve have the benefit of having the best rhythm section in the world. Simon Jones' original basslines give songs an added rythmic flavor other bands fail to use (&quot;Life's An Ocean&quot; being the best example). Peter Salisbury displays his masterful drumming, which, not unlike McCabe's guitars, can provide full-on power or a quiet, underlying flow. All four elements combine perfectly, with a chemistry rarely seen in bands today.  A Northern Soul offers touching ballads (&quot;On Your Own&quot; and &quot;History&quot;), experiments in noise (&quot;A Northern Soul&quot; and &quot;Brainstorm Interlude&quot;), straight ahead rock music (&quot;This Is Music&quot; and &quot;No Knock On My Door&quot;), and much more.  With its densely layered production, it is the kind of record where you will hear new sounds with each listening.  This is a dark, yet cathartic album of potent songs that will leave you wanting more and more. Here the Verve offer you wjat their name suggests: music full of life, passion, and vigor.  Key tracks: every single one of them."))
(5.0, (u'B0000014RL', u"Richard Burton's 1980 film &quot;Forbidden Zone&quot; was an avant-garde homage to pre-production code Max Fleishcer cartoons. He called upon his brother Danny, of the soon-to-be-legendary (Mystic Knights of) Oingo Boingo to score the film, and write the songs of the musical. He was allowed only two weeks for the task. The maddening, frenetic pace of working within such a time constraint is apparent with the inherent genius of the songs. Danny himself has a cameo in the film as Satan, presented here as a big band leader a la' Cab Calloway. This album is not only a must for Oingo Boingo and Danny Elfman fans alike, but for fans of cult cinema, and anyone with a wild streak in them."))
(5.0, (u'B0000024Y2', u"A most obscure album, and there is some controversy as to was THIS their first album. Bringing back memories of the early 70s college dorm, towel-under-the-door, crank-up-the-music and don't-let-anyone-in days, this is the music your parents hated. Screaming yet fluid lead guitars, driving bass and rhythm, songs that tell stories about Deals gone bad(The Last Days of May), mind-altered sex(Before the Kiss, a Red Cap), Groupies(their trademark Stairway to the Stars); this was a groundbreaking album for its time.  A surprising number of younger BOC fans have never even heard of this album, it's well worth a listen. Older listeners would likely consider this BOCs best effort; a cleaner, more fucused and powerful sound than their later efforts. If you like parts of BOCs sound now, give this a listen. You'll see where the Good Stuff came from.RMW"))
(5.0, (u'0792846168', u"I first saw this movie 10 years ago and I've watched it at least 80 times since (make that 81-- I watched it again last night!).  I've completely ruined 2 copies of this movie just rewinding it and rewatching scenes that I loved so much (practically the whole movie).I can easily do the entire movie from memory, and though it might not be the most technically exceptional film, it has stuff which can be appreciated by people of all ages.Highly quotable, *very* funny, and just charming, all around.  I would (and do) recommend it to everyone!  Great performances by Cary Elwes, Mandy Patinkin, Billy Crystal, Peter Falk, Chris Sarandon, and the R.O.U.S.es.If you're interested, the book is also available from this site, but please don't bother looking for the &quot;original&quot; book by S. Morgenstern; it never existed and the whole thing was written by William Goldman (if you don't believe it, email me and we'll talk).  The book has more in it, and you get more history of the individual characters, but I have a hard time saying which I think is better.Oh, one last thing: In the new release of the movie by MGM, there's a bit of a spoiler on the back cover of the video cassette.  If you've never seen the movie before, do yourself a favour and *don't* read the back cover of the tape before you watch it.&quot;[The Princess Bride] is the greatest thing in the world-- except for a nice MLT (Mutton Lettuce and Tomato) sandwich where the mutton is nice and lean, and the tomatoes are ripe... they're so perky, I love that.&quot; --Miracle Max  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001E4F', u"Now every fan knows that the best way to expieriance the Dolls music is through their two ( and only two) studio albums. Yet, for an introduction to the band, this album works. Seventeen tracks off those two records are included on this baby, along with three previously unreleased songs (which are terrific). The unreleased material and digitally remastered sound make it a must for all of the fans. And since it features most of the stellar work of the first two albums, it's a great jumping on point. There really aren't any standout songs as they are all eclectic and great in their own way. Buy it now!!!! It'll take you back to when music was actually good."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AG7', u"Nearly a decade after the original lineup's last studio album, Neverland marks the return of Night Ranger, one of the biggest AOR acts of the '80s.Unlike many other '80s rock bands, the members of Night Ranger have kept themselves busy during their breakup.  Most notably, bassist and vocalist Jack Blades recorded two albums with the supergroup Damn Yankees and keyboardist Alan Fitzgerald toured with Van Halen as their behind-the-curtain keyboardist.  Guitarist Jeff Watson has released a few solo albums, including two with the band Mothers Army.  Guitarist Brad Gillis and drummer Kelly Keagy have recorded and toured as Night Ranger during the early '90s.The release of Neverland brings classic Night Ranger back to the airwaves.  Although not likely to win over any new fans, those '80s children who loved the '80s Night Ranger will thoroughly enjoy the classic AOR sounds from this band.  All the guitar work is here, as well as the perfect mix of rockers and ballads.The first single, &quot;Forever All Over Again&quot; is an instant classic and radio-friendly tune.  This new CD proves that although older, wiser, and more road-tested, the 10-year absence didn't diminish the group's creativity.  Neverland is classic night Ranger and proves that in a time of R&amp;B and bubble-gum bands dominating the airwaves, there is at least one band proving &quot;You Can Still Rock in America!&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000003JD0', u"This is a great step in the refining of the Tea Party. However it is definately not at home in the industrial section. The Tea Party is heavily influenced by eastern music, much in the same style as Led Zepplin. They belong in the Rock section! Yet even for being incorrectly categorized, a superb alblum. Transmission, the next step in the history of an excellent band (Tea Party) is dependent largely on keyboards and electronics but still has an organic feel, not what I would believe belongs in an industrial/dance section. Too often people here an electronic sound and they instantly categorize a band as this genre. Sometimes they are right, but this time they are not doing one of the best current rock bands justice, and depriving people who would never go into the indus/dance section of some great music. I've seen them play live and they do a wonderful job and are not dependent on machines live like God Lives Under Water is."))
(5.0, (u'B000005L9Z', u"Friends of mine have suggested that I get one of his CDs since I love guitar and I attempt to play this instrument. I have read reviews of his work in guitar magazines.But only until I bought his and V.M. Bhatt's A Meeting by the River did I realize what I've been missing.Ry and VM do a wonderful job of blending the beautiful sweet sound from bottle neck guitar and the Mohan Vina Indian mystical sound( the  Mohan Vina sounds similar to a sitar). Though I hear more of the Mohan Vina, the bottle neck seems to melow ,to the western ear, the pure Indian classical sound.Moreover besides getting those almost unreal, mystical sounds and rythms of the Mohan Vina, an unusual subtle playing of western rythms(like blues))is laced thoughtfully through out the work.This is a masterpiece. For us who love guitar and are moved by the sitar, how can we go wrong with a cut like Ganges Delta Blues which is my favorite. Before I forget, let me thank Ry and VM for including druming from tabla and dumbek players-no Indian sounds are complete without them. My only regret is that I wasn't more patient by buying this through amazon where the is a lot cheaper than my local retailer.  Vina"))
(5.0, (u'B000005VLI', u"Don't buy this album if you want great singing. Don't buy this album if you want an easy listen. What you get here is a coherent set of songs from one of America's finest songwriters. The playing is mostly acoustic, using simple tunes and regular song formats which draw the listener to focus on the lyrics. These are sometimes passionate but more often display Germino's dry wit. The lyrics challenge various assumptions about life and leave the listener to re-evaluate some old habits. Listen to &quot;Fire In The Land Of Grace&quot; and think about how we treat celebrities, alive and dead. If this world was a fair place, Mark Germino would be rich and famous. But then he might not be the same man he is now."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KFA', u"Deep Purple is one of the best rock bands of all times, although in America people tend to overlook its impressive body of work. If you are a Classic Rock fan, then BURN is one of the best early seventies albuns you can find. And what's even bes:: No track in this album has been played to death in your favourite rock FM!It was recorded in 1973, when Deep Purple was one of the hottest rock bands of the time, a giant in Europe and Japan but also popular in America, where &quot;Smoke on the Water&quot; 's riff propelled the sales of DP's finest album, MACHINE HEAD. But BURN was the first with a new line-up: the old warhorses Richie Blackmore (gtr), Jon Lord (kb)  and Ian Paice (dr) plus the new-comers David Coverdale (vc) and ex-Trapeze Gleen Hughes (b,v).The guys were really meaning business and  very gung ho about playing in the band. The result was a classic album that has more blues (Coverdale's voice) and more soul (Hughes' grooves) than their previous works, but that can  rock in heavy anthems like the title song (devastating metal riff with some cool Bach'n'roll solos that reminds the also classic &quot;Highway Star&quot;) and the moody &quot;You Fool No One&quot;.Blackmore is pretty much the star ijn BURN, leading the band with some great riffs and playing some terrific melodic solos with less distortion than was  characteristic of his stage antics. Never being just a show-off and always enhancing the songs, the guitar solos are a joy and prove that american guitarrists should pay more attention to  Blackmore's work. Jon Lord is more discrete, making fewer solos but having his composition &quot;A200&quot; closing the album (actually, it is the only weak one in BURN). The bass and drums do a fantastic job that can impress anyone, and the vocals are great. Not only Coverdale is at his best (and not writing that  crap that would make him a millionaire with Whitnesnake) but Hughes also shows his skills in all the songs but &quot;Mistreated&quot;. Deep Purple in practice was a two-vocalist!  band at the time, and the duet in &quot;Sail Away&quot; is particularly impressive.So, enjoy the great songs of one of the best  rock albuns of its time! It created a lot of excitement when it was issued, particularly when the band began to open its concerts with blazing live versions of the first 3 songs of the album plus &quot;Mistreated&quot;.The band showed in this album the potential to rock as well as its &quot;classic&quot; line-up  with Ian Gillan and Roger Glover did. Unfortunately,the BURN era was too short-lived and soon after they went separate ways. It was good while it lasted!"))
(5.0, (u'6304844964', u'Director Ang Lee has created a hypnotic, visually dazzling movie about two families emotionally adrift during the changing mores of the early 1970s.  While parents aimlessly search for anything to give their lives meaning, they ignore the desperate needs of their own children, with tragic results.  Great performances from Joan Allen and Sigourney Weaver as two very different mothers and from Tobey Maguire and Christina Ricci as two of their adrift children.  The actual ice storm is so beautifully introduced and photographed that it actually becomes a memorable character in itself--one to be reckoned with and to be healed from.  The movie ends with a profound scene of father-son connection that is emotionally overwhelming and defines all the events that precede it.  Destined for classic status.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B00000292A', u"When I first read that Jeff Beck had recorded a rockabilly album, it was straight to the store for the first copy on the shelf.  I've had the album since it's release and it'still in my essential &quot;12-pack&quot; that's always in the car.If you're a Jeff Beck fan, this is a side of Jeff Beck not found anywhere else: don't miss it.  If you've never heard of Jeff Beck and just like rockabilly, don't miss it either.I bought the album with no preconceptions, just a love for rockabilly and great guitar work.  This album has both.  This is NOT &quot;Jeff Beck and some guys hidden on the side&quot;, it's Jeff Beck playing great guitar as part of a fine BAND.  Big Town Playboys' Mike Sanchez provides great vocals on tunes that'll be stuck in your head for months.  If you've got a convertible, slap this in on a sunny day, turn it up, and go for a drive...if tunes like &quot;B-I-Bickey-Bi-Bo-BO-Go&quot; don't make your day, strongly consider selling the car and shopping for a casket.  You're already dead."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062GM', u"I think the group 7 Mile are great new artists. When I first heard their single &quot;Do your Thing&quot; on The Box I fell in love with the foursomes wonderfully exotic ans soothing voices. I new that I had to go out and buy their album,  but it wasn't out yet. So I searched every store for about 2 weeks until I stumbled upon it at Best Buy one day as I was browsing the CD section. Ever since then I have been in pure heaven. I even allow 7 Mile to sing me to sleep every night. I love 7 Mile and I feel we need more artist like 7 mile instead of all that trendy fast paced music which leaves nothing to the imagination."))
(5.0, (u'B00000631W', u"Pennies From Heaven, Mary Cleere Haran's new CD is the spirit, spotlighting the spirit  and music of the Depression Era. But Haran and her arranger/accompanist, Richard Rodney Bennett bring this album straight into the 90's, never letting the storyline drop.The choice of material is pure New York-sidewalk, with guys and dolls, shadows slanting across the  early morning streets, the Fred Astaire/Ginger Rodgers glossy  Art Deco dance floor replaced by the grit of concrete pavement. Times are hard, and, many people can only hope for &quot;pennies from heaven.&quot; Haran's sensitivity to the feelings behind the lyrics, her meticulous phrasing, sharp jazz input, and swings from brassy to dreamy, bring to life the timeless messages of romance, dreams, and the instinct to survive.The soul of the album might be the inspired pairing of, &quot;Night in Manhattan&quot; and &quot;42nd Street.&quot; It begins with a jazzy mood of grabbing frenetically at life during hard times, gliding into a smooth &quot;42nd Street,&quot; then swaying softly back into blues of the words, &quot;Night in Manhattan...&quot;Haran brings a new aggressiveness to this music, like her swinging, scatting touch in, &quot;Broadway  Jamboree.&quot; A gentle swing steals, &quot;Breezin' Along With the Breeze,&quot; away from Helen Morgan,  leading into the upbeat Rodgers and Hart anthem, &quot;Hallelujah, I'm A Bum.&quot; And since some of the most touching love songs were written during the Depression Era, Haran is unbeatable with, &quot;I'm In the Mood For Love,&quot; and a softly swaying, &quot;I Only Have Eyes For You,&quot; that is pure seduction.Together Haran and Bennett join for, &quot;Sweet and Low,&quot; creating passion barely subdued. They also duet with the most emotionally rich, &quot;Lullaby of Broadway,&quot; you'll ever hear.&quot;Pennies from heaven&quot; were all many people could only hope for, but the songs that cheered them  and reflected their spirit, plus their sassy survival skills, are celebrat! ed in this recording with understanding and sensitive musicianship, bolstered by stellar sidemen. Listen to it once, and you'll listen again, each time, you'll uncover another layer. It's Mary Cleere Haran at her best, and that's saying a lot.-Elizabeth Ahlfors"))
(5.0, (u'B000006Q64', u"I bought Brian Blade's album on the strength of his work with Joshua Redman and Kenny Garrett, but was surprised to find that, not only was he a great player, but his writing is extrememly strong, he has a wonderful ensemble (tenor/soprano sax, alto sax, upright bass, Grand Piano/Wurlitzer, electric guitar and pedal (yes, pedal!) steel guitar.The album is nothin short of wonderful.  The playing is sublime and, considering the size of the ensemble, nobody gets in anyone's way.I just saw the group at the Montreal Jazz Fest and it was identical to the album, with the exception of the guitarist, who was replaced by Kurt Rosenwinkle (who I actually preferred).  They took the material to even further heights.  This is a band that came together quickly, but has an obvious chemistry.  I saw them twice at the fest - once in a sort of Quebec version of MTV unplugged in front of a studio audience of about 75 people, and then in a theatre, packed to the rafters.  The group played for two solid hours and, having spent 5 days at the festival, was a highlight (the only other show that was close was John Scofield's A Go Go performance).Brian Blade is being considered the drummer of the new millenium.  He reminds me, in some ways, of the late Tony Williams, not so much in the what he plays, but in his complete abandon and open-minded approach.  Buy the album, see the band, and watch out for this guy - he's going to be one of the great leaders of the next 50 years (he's only 27!), considering his musical maturity at so young an age.There is not a weak track on the album.  One last thing that amazed me, both live and on record - with an ensemble that large, there was never a clash - everyone had their place and the sound, while lush and warm, was never cluttered.Finally, Brian and his mates are very spiritual people, and it comes out in their music.  Brian, when speaking, is exceedingly humble, and perhaps a bit overwhelmed by the reception he has received, but there is no lack of confidence when he ge! ts behind a kit!Oh yes - the album is produced by Daniel Lanois, yet for once it does not have that recognizable signature Lanois sound (not that I mind it, but it is nice to see him abandoning it when appropriate).  A must have album , and surely one of the best of 1998!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000PM6', u"Here is undoubtedly America's Number One Underground Band's best release. But do not pick this up expecting to hear anything that you have ever heard before. There music (or non-music) is truly my  favorite type of music to listen to. Being a fan of the bizarre, I do not hesitate to state that they are the best in this field.There are six titles on this CD, and if you know 60's music, you will be half way home to enjoying it. The first two tracks, &quot;Swastikas on Parade&quot; and &quot;Hitler Was a Vegetarian&quot; are approximately 18 minutes each, and are the most wonderfully insane collage of oldies ever assembled. But being played by The Residents  guarantees you one interesting listen, and if you are like myself, many many more.The next track is the Rolling Stone's classic &quot;Satisfaction&quot; and this alone is worth the price of the CD. With The Residents classic parched vocals and guitar work,like that of an eaten up cassette tape, you will never want to hear Mick's version again.Track 4 is that of &quot;Loser-Weed&quot;. A cute little ditty that would have made Number One in 1968, if LSD was used by Top Ten DJ's a little more often. This is the &quot;B&quot; side of &quot;Satifaction&quot;...believe it or not.The last two songs are The Residents tribute to The Beatles. Again, these were on a single from the 70's, (That I wished I owned, due to the rare nature of many of their recordings)&quot;Beyond The Valley of a Day in the Life of&quot; is the first one which basically should be titled &quot;The Beatles play The Residents&quot; You are listening to 3:56 of samplings (At least a 70's attempt at sampling)of, none other than, Beatle Songs. Not being a Resident tune, this is my least favorite song on the CD. But the real tribute to The Beatles comes from the last song on the CD, &quot;Flying&quot;. A strange choice, but a great one no less. If any of you remember... &quot;Flying&quot; was the instrumental from &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;. SO WHAT, you say??? Well, ac! cording to our friends, The Residents, it was their pick to play because it was the one song written by all four of The Beatles&quot;.To describe The Residents musical style is impossible. A blend of tape loops, growling vocals, distorted guitar and saxaphone is as close a guess I can give for &quot;The Third Reich &amp; Roll&quot;.But now if you like this recording, the next one you buy won't be the same. GUARANTEED. And I like it that way."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UWL', u"I'm not sure what the supplied review has to do with THIS album, but it would be fair to say that this still holds as their best album ever. It's personal, poiniant and shows them as a strong musical team that can out-write almost anyone. The supplied review implies that PSB has failed in someway to innovate electronic music as their predecessors have. Dismissing music because it doesn't &quot;innovate&quot; is elitist and trite. The other comment about the music being 'no sweat' is confusing too. It takes a great deal of talent to make anything look easy. The Pet Shop Boys have clearly grown in their musical and lyrical talent with each release. This disc shows them at the very height of that growth."))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y5Z', u"NIN is one of the bands that actually have the staying power that a lot of bands lack today.  Trent Reznor is one of the few artists that can hook you and never let go unlike other wannabe artists who sell millions of records in a week and are practically never heard of again.  &quot;The Downward Spiral&quot; combines what he first achieved in &quot;Pretty Hate Machine&quot; with the hard rock of &quot;Broken&quot; and meshes it together to produce the best Industrial sound ever recorded.  With great lyrics and his superior sound this is one of the few albums that is a must have in anybody's music collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GXL', u'"COURT AND SPARK" is just one of many Mitchell landmarkmasterpieces. Recorded during 1973, this collection markeda change in her style that was hinted at on "FOR THE ROSES", but now with "C & S", more fully realized. A deeper vocal works its way/along side that soaring soprano(at times), into lighterjazz/pop mixes and her world weary views(regarding people and places) shapes their way intoher lyrics with as much force as the love themes.  Joni continues to move away from the personal Jonishe had capitalized on with the masterpiece, "BLUE", just a few yearsprevious to this. A new mature artist is emerging in defianceof a whole generation of listeners who just would not let hergo out of that "blue". This was Joni\'s shining years, along withthe LIVE- "MILES OF ISLES" that came out on the heels of C & Sand these songs captured her passions to a wider audienceand all her ideology of the times(and boy did we all livein some crazy times), the Vietnam war was just finally endingand talented musicans were so plentiful and created by theirown visions and supported by record companies (for the mostpart). Great music like this just poured out from every part ofthe country. "Court and Spark" was way ahead of its time whenyou look back on what was popular and what artists had to sayabout the times. This music, now 30 years in its inceptionstill captivates with each listen. This was a musican/painter who hadso much to say and also as a woman who had no  female peers (in my opinion), outside of Laura Nyro and Carole King, during this time. Highlights are everywhere on this collection. The soaringmultiplicity vocal treaments alone were so unigue to listento and made these songs even more unusal. The piano playingalso highlight these sessions especially on "Down to You","Same Situation" and the title track. Favortie tracks "Justlike this train", "Troubled Child", "Help me" and the out theretrack "Car on a hill" formed a continuity in flow and propelledthis collectin to one of the best recordings of the year. I will always go back and listen to this(and so many other great Joni Mitchell collections) and remember the times and the gift of the genius of Joni Mitchell. This belongs in every music lovers collection, whether you\'re 15 or 80.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001ESZ', u"&quot;Hold Your Fire&quot; is one of Rush's best because it is different.  It is a departure from concept albums like &quot;2112&quot; and is much more mellow than &quot;Permanent Waves&quot; or &quot;Moving Pictures.&quot;  That isn't to say that Geddy and the boys don't rock on &quot;Hold Your Fire,&quot; for they certainly do (see &quot;Lock and Key&quot; and &quot;Force Ten&quot;).  The aforementioned mellowness comes in such thought-provoking songs as &quot;Second Nature&quot; and &quot;Mission.&quot;  Lyricist and drummer Neil Peart follows one theme throughout the album--the concept of time and change--resulting in some of the most powerful lyrics he has ever penned.  The band still rocks and does so as thoughtfully and competently as ever.  The melding of Lee &amp; Lifeson's  music with Neil's beautiful lyrics is absolutely superb on &quot;Hold Your Fire.&quot;  Even those who prefer the more guitar-based Rush albums of the '70s and early '80s can find a place for this album in their collection.  I highly recommend this album to anyone who is at a stage of introspection and reflection on life.  It is also a terrific find for rock music fans who enjoy excellent lyrics coupled with musical perfection."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FMX', u"This little gem introduced the world to the Dolls, too bad the world wasn't ready for them. I don't care how deep the Velvet Underground's songwriting was, or how violent and ludicrous the Stooges were. The New York Dolls were the definitive punk band. And this album stands to that testament. This is the band at it's best,before the drugs and Rundgren hit. Every song is mind blowing, so I won't single any out. If you like the Stones, buy this, if you like punk, buy this, if you like plain ol' good rock, buy this, and if you just like good music in general, buy this. It stands the test of time, and should be included in every music collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LN0', u"It is shocking to me that no one has made any comments on this album.  I think that Electronic is a fabulous group.  The distinctive sound of Bernard Sumner along with Neil Tenant rivet through this album gracefully with the lead of Jonny Marr's strings. The fast paced dance music found here is eternally entertaining. And the quieter tunes relaxes those on edge after a long day.  I've always enjoyed the lyrics and how they always draw quiet thought.  You'll find yourself repeating tracks over and over again get the message.  These guys have done a wonderful job of mixing fast paced energy with style and grace.  The music is great and con't be found anywhere else, but from the artists in this group.  If you enjoy New Order, The Pet Shop Boys, The Smiths, groups like The Cure and Erasure, you'll love this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000003JBB', u"jeffrey gaines is on the verge of greatness and would be in the mainstream of pop culture if he wrote &quot;bubble-gum&quot; lyrics.  his music portrays &quot;Beatle-like&quot; simplicity, yet is well-versed and versatile enough to fit the mood.  he can be quietly acoustic, but he can also pick-up the beat a little and motivate you to drive faster than the limit. his guitar playing is crisp and timely, and his voice is smooth and versatile... the best thing about gaines' music though is the meaning and emotion he puts into every song and every lyric.  his songs especially have bold undertones to the consciousness of men, who, in general, are afraid to express the things gaines' songs open us up to...most of the songs, on his debut c.d., are about fear, failure, and insecurity, and &quot;most men&quot; aren't comfortable with admitting they have such feelings...but he's balanced with the &quot;hero in me&quot; that we all possess as the master of our lives.  gaines' music seems to be geared for men who live meaningful inner lives, and it could be very useful for women who want to have a better understanding of the psyches of men (if that's possible);  plus to top it off, it's very enjoyable to listen to...some of the songs are danceable, some are good to drive to, and all are good singing tunes...and the lyrics have enough depth, that as you listen to them over time, the meanings seem to grow or change."))
(5.0, (u'B000000NFW', u'I randomly borrowed a CD from a friend just to have something new to listen to, and was lucky enough to pick one by Michael Hedges.  I know his work has gotten a lot of merit for its technical aspects and arrangements, but there is something more about this CD and his others.  It has this hypnotic charm which always puts me at ease.  I recommend this CD from the bottom of my heart to anyone.  I heard that he has recently died, and I will mourn the loss of his music as much I would mourn the loss of a close and dear friend.'))
(5.0, (u'B000007S8J', u"This album might become the most significant album of 1998. Always incredible and interesting the Cowboy Junkies have moved forward under the direction of John Leckie and somehow combined the lush textures of Radiohead (another Leckie customer) with the raw emotion of delta bluesmen like Robert Johnson. The vocals of Margo Timmins and the guitar work of brother Michael remain some of the best kept secrets in music. Songs like &quot;Those Final Feet&quot; and &quot;Someone Out There&quot; prove that this band has something to say. Maybe, just maybe, this album will finally allow the Junkies to move out from the shadow of their cover of Lou Reed's &quot;Sweet Jane&quot; into their own deserving spotlight. This album is the perfect introduction into one of the best bands most people have never listened to. WARNING: If you buy this cd, you will probably end up buying all their other ones too."))
(5.0, (u'B000007T1M', u"System of a Down is from the California Metal Scene (some may refer to it as RapCore, although it is not always true) with other bands such as Deftones, Korn, Rage Against the Machine, and Tool. However, System of a Down cannot be compared to anyone. The band is Arabic (Armenian to be specific), and they definately let this influence be shown in their music. With Serj Tankian's amazing vocals, where he can use several different voices in a song and change at any instant. I cannot speak of System of a Down without mentioning their raw power. When you listen to them their music just flows through you with emotion. The band sings about social events, politics, or even love. This is one album everyone who likes any sort of heavy, angry, or emotional music must buy. The band's catchy vocals and powerful music will not let you down."))
(5.0, (u'B0001V69WG', u"The first review is right: the engineer must have been having an argument with Roye Albrighton, the guitarist. I grew up listening to this on vinyl and, in that mix, the organ is wonderfully understated. Although Albrighton's guitar is more prominent in the vinyl mix, it, too, is wonderfully understated, and the whole album had a lyrical force that the organ dismantles. That aside, the organ is chiefly a nuisance in a few sections in Part One--Part Two fares a lot better--and the album retains most of its magic; the rhythm section in particular fares well in this mix. It's funny to realize, after listening to this for the first time in several years, that the vinyl mix had an odd kind of &quot;alternative&quot; feel to it (in the softer sense of the word). This album is perfect for anyone who thought that &quot;progressive&quot; was necessarily bombastic and often silly."))
(5.0, (u'157492589X', u"The film version of Larry McMurtry's novel remains most faithfull to the original source while coming to life most vividly with perhaps the best acting ever captured in a Western film. Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones subtly and often silently convey McRae's and Call's entire beings. Rarely have two actors so completely inhabited their characters. A glance here, a tightened hat there is often all that is needed to convey well springs of emotion. Notable too are the perfomances of Danny Glover, Tim Scott and Angelica Huston. I have only two complaints about the film: Fredrick Forrest is hopelessly shallow as Blue Duck and I wish the film could have been made on the big screen.Still, why quibble? This valentine to a forgotten genre is one of the finest films ever made.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062GR', u"While other members of the band are busy cleaning up (or not cleaning up) their acts, Jerry Cantrell is making unbelievably good music. I can't think of another record by a lead guitarist that is remotely this tight, true to his band and growing beyond it. Forget Keith Richards...Forget the solo &quot;Rock Gods&quot; i.e., Satriani, Malmsteen, etc...This is no &quot;Paul Stanley.&quot; Every song on this record could be a single. And on that subject, why hasn't &quot;Between&quot; been released as a single? (Personal favorite; it has a wicked sense of humor and feels like summer.) I'm a fan of AIC, I'm eager for new music from the band, but in the meanwhile, this will do just fine....."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S0', u"The heart of Walking Into Clarksdale is--appropriately--in the center of the record, tracks 5 - 9. How would Led Zeppelin sound today if they were still together? Probably not even as good as these 5 tracks, each one a testament to the creative talents of Page and Plant. &quot;Please Read the Letter&quot; cruises confidently into the Eastern-influenced &quot;Most High,&quot; two tracks that extend the barriers of what Zeppelin WAS. &quot;Heart in Your Hand&quot; ventures into a dark territory that makes me want to light a cigarette (I don't smoke). &quot;Walking Into Clarksdale&quot; and &quot;Burning Up&quot; swagger and crash with the best of Zeppelin's stuff. (I'd say &quot;Walking...&quot; could have fit on Physical Graffitti.) How are Page/Plant doing? They rock, bigger and better and with more confident control than ever. They're masters of the craft. This disc deserves to be a rock classic....The rest of it is very good, but it's almost too much to take in all at once. Just buy it and start with the 5 center tracks, and it all makes sense."))
(5.0, (u'B000006CCL', u"An extra treat for those PUSA fans upset by the breakup, The Giraffes is a cute band comprised of six of Chris Ballew's childhood stuffed animals. Chickey plays the drums, Giraffe the lead vocals and rhythm guitar, Yoko Glick the piano, organ and clavinette, Munkey Jr. the horns and strings, Munkey Sr, the lead vibratto and wah-wah guitar and Barry Lowe the basitar. Actually, it is just Chris Ballew in his basement. But it is a feather plucking dream come true to anyone who loves PUSA's crazy lyrics and silly songs. If you are like me, you'll love it! I especially recommend &quot;Lonely Chicken&quot; and &quot;Ghost of a Bad Friend.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000000P0E', u"If you love rich lyrics, challenging yet sweeping arrangements, complex and addicting melodies, then look no further to this 1992 album of XTCs last work before they went on strike.  From songs of loss to social jabs XTC lose none of their thrust and power, and wrap it all in the tastiest coating imaginable in the recording arts.  Marvel at the production (drum sound on Peter Pumpkinhead), tremble at the intimacy (crawl inside Rook if you dare), air guitar along (Books are Burning, Smartest Monkeys), but you will love this album.  And at under $7, what the heck have you got to lose?  Listen to the piss and pathos of Andy's singing and let the magical XTC lift your spirit up and fire a few shots into your soul... you won't come away the same."))
(5.0, (u'B000000QG9', u"For one track alone, &quot;Moonchild&quot;, this is a must have album for any Rory fan or any fan of blues/rock guitar maestros.  There is an excitement and enthusiasm to Rory's playing that could only ever be properly experienced live (See &quot;Irish Tour&quot; and &quot;Live In Europe&quot;) however, his studio albums provide the opportunity to experience his superb style and technique. The opening riff of &quot;Moonchild&quot; used to send a thrill through the crowd whenever he hit the opening chords.  I saw Rory live many times, in fact, never missed a show if we were both in town at the same time and there was no-one quite like him.  A true blues man who never really deviated from that path, his studio recordings are crisp and clean and always fresh. Check out &quot;Against The Grain&quot;, &quot;Tatoo'd Lady&quot; and &quot;Blueprint&quot; as well as the two live albums named above. His later live album &quot;Stage Struck&quot; has a rockier feel to it which reflects his playing at that time although he returned to a more blues feel in the years before he, prematurely, died."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UOQ', u"If you are trying to decide if you are going to buy thess cds then you must decide fast.  Because I have never listened to all my favorite bands that all came together for one of the most important cause in our life.  The cds have much information on how you can get involved by all these addresses, emails, websites, and much other informatonal stuff.  Please buy these cds if you are a true fan of music and if you also care about Tibet because all these perfomers on the cds do not get a dime of the sales.  It all go's to help Tibet.  I am very sure if you love music that at least two of your favorite bands are on these cds.  Also they have music from the monks and nuns of Tibet on the cds.  So please by them soon and FREE TIBET!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007ROM', u"With the earth shattering production and the level 10 rictal scale lyrics, the 69 boyz are a force from mother nature to be reckond with.  Straight from O-town, ( known as Orlando ) , the 69 boyz have created a new shock wave that will demolish record stores and bust ear drums. The new single WOOF WOOF, ( also on the Dr.Dolittle sndtrk ) , is in the process of tearing up the music charts, shortening out radios, imploding television tubes, and becoming emerged in platinum forever. Scientists are afraid to announce that future earthquakes are in the horizon from the tremors produced by RAab, J.T. Money, About 2, Spoiled Rott'n, Tia, C-nile, and Da Knit Witz. From the words of the 69 boyz &quot;........This for all my dawgs...and ladies wa' sup&quot;, and no doubt will they get you crunk and hyped from their new album. They even slow down the tempo for you on some tracks to give you a chance to recover and listen to their platinum talent ablities crackin' floors and raisin'roofs. To conclude the forcast, the 69 boyz are about to become solid platinum and shine for all their fans, because they heared the cries from millions yellin', &quot; The Wait Is Over &quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000000WK1', u"THE PIANO is that rare soundtrack that stands on its own as great music, but also evokes images and emotions of the classic Jane Campion film it was composed for.  In this way, it is one of the most profoundly successful movie scores in film history.  The music is filled with longing, turmoil, sadness, and fulfillment.  It fits neither pop, classical, or traditional movie standards (neither does the film); it seems to exist on its own plane, quite apart from anything else you've heard, or like a dream you've had but can't recall in detail, only in emotion.  It also never feels dated and does not grow dull after repeated listenings.  That is an achievement in itself"))
(5.0, (u'B0000011C8', u"This album was first released on vinyl in 1974.  It was produced by the great Richard Perry who had at the time 4 Platinum albums out including Barbra Streisands' &quot;Stony End&quot;. Mr. Perry pulled in some of the best studio musicians around to cut the album.  Although there is not one song I do not like my favorite is the first cut... Van Morrisons' &quot;Wild Night&quot;.  If the record company had marketed this album properly, it would have been an international hit.  I'm VERY glad to see this album available on CD.  Buy it if you can even though it's an import from the UK now."))
(5.0, (u'B00000152J', u"Mimic as a film is magnificently scary and it's music score by Marco Beltrami (Scream) carried the movie to the darkest realms and lifted it to the heavens. As a cd in it's own right it's one of the most haunting, visual musical scores I've listened to in quite a while. Beltrami has an uncommon knack of telling a tale with each cut, it's so easy to imagine yourself drifting into the darkness, the sadness and then being thrust into the light. It's melodies can sometimes pull at your heartstrings and yet send spindles up your spine. As a screenwriter I've listened to this CD while working and it's helped me to tell my tale, it's strength in conjuring up an air of menace is  astounding. Buy this cd if you like good haunting scores that can set you alight!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H0X', u"I first heard this recording in the dark ages of the early eighties.  For some reason, perhaps because I heard it at a momentous time in my life or, more probably, because of Don Henley's sheer musical genius, it was a recording that became tattoo-ed on my memory.  Since that time, when the subject of &quot;favourite music&quot; arose in conversation, I would think of this album, even if I didn't mention it  (it did not receive major air play or promotion in Australia where I live, so if I had mentioned it, I would have been met with blank stares, no doubt).  In particular, I love the mournful, beautiful, heart-strings-tugging song &quot;Talking to the Moon&quot;.  I have long since lost the only recording I had of this song, and it is not available to purchase in Australia.  So imagine my almost tearful delight when I found this site on the internet, complete with a sound clip (which I have now bookmarked!)  As I write, this CD is winging its way to Sydney, Australia.  Once here, it will become one of my most treasured possessions.  All I can say is:  thanks, Don Henley.  And thanks, Amazon.com."))
(5.0, (u'B00000FDFV', u'I became a fan of the corrs after hearing &quot;Only when I sleep&quot;, which has become my all time favourite song. I was pleased after listening to the CD that all of the other tunes were of the same high quality. This is better than the first album, &quot;Forgiven not Forgotten&quot; because it has a better blend of Irish and rock music, whereas I thougt &quot;Forgiven not forgotten&quot; was too Irish. The songs are good as background music around the house, for listening to as you read, or on long car journeys. Basically, this CD is appropriate at any time, because of its unique blend of the celtic and rock elements, that has gained the corrs an international following.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000029YC', u"I absolutely loved this CD. I can just see and feel the people's emotions as one song progressed into another.  I can feel their enchantment with the Titanic, their panic about leaving, the horror as they saw the ship sank, the shock after the disaster, and the sad memories of the Titanic that stretched into today, not just days after the disaster. It was a moving CD. I play it over and over, yet I don't get tired of it. Usually I think classical is dull, but this is in some form a classical CD, and it was never for one minute dull, even if they played the same theme over and over. Everyone should get this CD!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VTX', u"Ultimate Dance Party 1997 was great. Now it's 1998 and they've done it again.  Almost every song on this CD makes you want to get up and dance, especailly the version of Deborah Cox's &quot;Things Just Ain't The Same&quot;. This song is hot. It's impossible to just sit still when you hear it. There's a nice variety here ranging from straight out dance songs, R &amp; B, hip hop and even techno.  One remix is called &quot;Insomnia&quot; by Faithless and that's a perfect way to describe this CD.  You'll want to stay up all night and not miss a single beat of this fantastic CD.  I'm looking forward to the 1999 version."))
(5.0, (u'0790733226', u'As someone who has spent their working years designing earth stations like you see in this film I was so impressed that the technical detail was so good. Small technical errors are forgiven in a great film overall. This film played out a scenario I have pondered over many times. Late at night in a earth staions during performance tests I have kicked the antenna off it test axis and looked around at the many carriers out there.... Jodie Foster played that role so well and I enjoyed every moment of a thinking persons film..a rare output from any studio.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000005RP5', u"Another reviewer said &quot;Do not buy FIXED if you did not THOROUGHLY enjoy Broken.&quot;  I beg to differ: FIXED is aptly named, for it is BROKEN redone, the way it _should_ have been done.  I found BROKEN to be one of NIN's weakest albums, whereas FIXED is among my favorites.  Musically, FIXED is probably NIN's harshest and most experimental album yet.  Here's the test: if you like NIN but find some of their stuff a little too commercial and pop, then you'll _love_ FIXED.  If you like NIN but think some of their stuff is too weird and harsh and hard to listen too, then you probably won't like FIXED (though in that case, you should buy it anyway, for it may broaden your narrow little mind...)"))
(5.0, (u'B000000IW5', u"The blending of blues, jazz, and rock that made Jethro Tull's classic sound is here.  The  many faces of Ian Anderson can be found in this selection.  Ian, a very accomplished  musician, is also a very unique epic story teller and conveys it well in song and rhyme.  There is a mixture of songs from other Tull albums included with some songs only unique to the &quot;Living in the Past&quot; cover.  A very notable piece of music found on this album is the first piece played live at Carnegie hall.  A very clever variation of Beethoven's Sonata No.8, Op.13, Grave - Allegro di molto e con brio.  &quot;Living in the Past&quot; was another Tull album that made me look forward to the next!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003CML', u"I saw Memory Dean perform in Georgia when this album had just come out.  I instantly like them and have become a fan.  This group is a talented group that can write compelling and inspirational work as well as just simply rock.  They are by today's standards what I would call somewhat mello, but they are fun to listen to.  Over a year later, I still regularly listen to this CD.  That is a good plus since people seldom buy a CD that will last awhile.  This is not a one hit band nor a single good CD.  The band is great.  I have moved across the country and no longer have the cance to se them live, although I wish I could.  I strongly recommend this CD.  It is a classic in my book, it should be in yours too."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KBU', u"There is music.  There is great music.  There are great Joni Mitchell albums.  And then there is &quot;Blue&quot;.  It was this stunningly raw and agonizingly beautiful and utterly coherent and undeniably lyrical piece of work that made me fall forever in love with unbelivable talent that Ms. Mitchell possesses.  The first time I heard this album I was literally so shocked from it's aural wonder that I had to catch my breath and sit down.  Joni is so smart and clever that she totally catches you by surprise; her use of spareness paradoxically completely overwhelms every one of the listener's senses.  Her simple mix--her voice in her higher range, her acoustic guitar, a piano--and little else--somehow combine to completely intoxicate whom  ever is walking into the room.  Her voice is flawless, her instrumentations are simply beautiful.  And her lyrics--God, her lyrics--her lyrics are quite honestly the most moving and intelligent and pensive and gut-wrenching-til-you're-balled-up-on the-floor-crying that I probably, and hopefully, will ever hear.  Unreal.  What a great piece of work.......Thanks, Joni!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KCV', u'A few months ago I bought a replacement copy of this title and was surprised by the quality of the music. Although I have everything done by Neil through the years - multiple copies and almost all formats - a &quot;Neil Young&quot; album just was not &quot;NY&quot; unless it had a few songs which could start earthquakes with the fury of his amazing lead guitar... coupled to some amazing lyrics.So this is the one which slipped through the cracks of my memory.It is definitely his best acoustic lyricism, and that is very very good. Neil Young, Glenn Frey, Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, (at one time) John Prine, David Crosby... are the only people still able to write the words and take them to the world.Also, hearing Nicolette Larson reminds me of how much we lost so recently.'))
(5.0, (u'B000006NZV', u"I bought this cd initialey by mistake. I was in a hurry and missed the cd i wanted right next to it. It must have been God's hand directing me to this stunning album. I had only heard the band on the radio and by the time song one was over i was hooked. I sat there and let Shirley Manson's rich voice enthrall me through the rest of the cd. I went out immeadiately and found their first cd, which was just as good, but in a different way. That is what makes this a great band (among other things). THe ability to reinvent without loosing the soul/sound of the music.Two great albums. I can only hope that they grace us all with many more."))
(5.0, (u'6304333560', u"Just about everybody in the US and Canada have now heard of Godzilla.  Most people, however, have never heard of the Japanese super-hero that is as popular there as Superman is here.  That monster-fighting hero, created by the special effects studio that first brought the irradiated lizard to the world, is Ultraman!This tape brings the first 4 episodes of the original Ultraman back to American viewers.  Dubbed in English, these shows were syndicated in the late 60's in America. This tape restores the classic episodes to better-than-original quality. As a bonus, the tape includes an interview with one of the actors in the rubber monster suits, plus the original Japanese intro music.Anyone who remembers lifting a stick as a play &quot;Beta capsule&quot; will want a copy of this collection.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000047CX', u'My all-time favorite jazz recording. 10 stars!! The best introduction to jazz, Cool Jazz, Samba, and Bossa Nova. Stan Getz makes each note sound beautiful, and three-dimensional, as if it were sculpted in blue velvet fog. Stan sounds less as if he was playing the sax than breathing the notes out from his soul. His contemporaries called him &quot;The Sound&quot;.Joao Gilberto sings and wife Astrud sings with a rather small voice. Intimate and romantic. For more Stan and less singing, &quot;Jazz Samba&quot; is similar but all instrumental.Technical note: The recorded this record at 30ips tape speed when the industry standard was 15ips. Spectacularly well recorded, it sounds like it was recorded yesterday, not 35 years ago, on the new VERVE 20 bit version ONLY. Try listening on a Single Ended Triode Amp for the ultimate!'))
(5.0, (u'B000005B45', u"Wasted Time's debut, although it may appear to the average listener to be the typcial hackneyed pop-punk that such bands as Green Day and Rancid are notorious for, does not allow itself to be caught up in stereotypes or their own self image.  In fact, with songs such as &quot;Imitation,&quot; the band adds a kind of self-parody to its repetoire, talking about imitating those who they want to be.  The music is overtly fun, something that you can't sit still to, and there is not a bad song on the album (although &quot;Ignorance&quot; and &quot;Potluck&quot; kind of drag).  Oddly enough, sandwiched between teen angst and self-parody is the ever-sweet sounding &quot;Brown-Eyed Girl,&quot; a re-tooling of the Van Morrison classic which girls will go nuts for and I found to be a refreshing delight.  Buy this CD, listen to &quot;Heathcliff,&quot; &quot;Sick and Tired,&quot; and &quot;Tongue Tied&quot; and have a blast!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000253N', u"&quot;Early one mornin' the sun was shinin'...&quot; This album astounds me, turns my blood to ice and makes my heart ache. When he sings, &quot;If you get close to her/Kiss her once for me....&quot; you can hear, in his voice, every nerve in his body stripped raw. Actually, I'm wrong--this entire album is one man's heart, broken open. It is as immediate and timeless as any great work of literature or film--but you didn't need me to tell you that! I love &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; intensely. When he gets to the part:&quot;The Priest wore black on the seventh day/And sat stone-faced while the building burned/I waited foryou on the running boards/Near the cypress tree while the springtime turned/Sloooowly into autumn,&quot; I stand awed and silent. It gives me a feeling that I've only known reading Dostoevski or something of that sort. It really is beyond my power to describe. &quot;Shelter from the Storm&quot;--he actually uses the phrase &quot;creature void of form&quot;! And the jangle in his voice when he sings &quot;flowers in her hair&quot;...whew. Or the cool reference to those notoriously ill-mannered French poets Paul Verlaine and Arthur Rimbaud in &quot;You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go.&quot; (Verlaine, in his 30s, shot his young lover Rimbaud, 16. Didn't kill him. They got back together afterwards.) This may be, song by song, Dylan's greatest album. It's a living thing--that's Dylan's blood in those grooves, man."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EEA', u"Here you'll find nineteen fantastic songs that tells the story of this musician who was once (and still is) called &quot;God&quot;. Here are the best songs of a musician who calls himself a &quot;blues guitarrist&quot;. In my opinion he's wrong. He's a guitarrist with his soul in the blues (Crossroads, Bell bottom blues) travelling through rock (Sunshine of your love, Cocaine), Reggae (I shot the seriff, Promises), romantic songs (Wonderful Tonight),... He is a great songwriter, who also performs songs from other people, as in Bob Dylan's Knockin' on heaven's door. If you don't know Eric Clapton, or if you want to have his best songs in one CD, this is it. And take my advice: if you're listening to it for the first time, pump up the volume and start from track 11, Layla. Then you'll know why he's so great."))
(5.0, (u'B000001A5X', u"There is a lot that a full moon can do for you, if the stars are out. But, there is even more that Marvin Gaye can do with his album &quot;What's Going On?&quot; The songs flow one into the other like a story, and have the ability to complete any romantic dinner or, more perfectly, any time alone to think and dream. The singing on the second track &quot;what's happening, brother?&quot; makes the album worth it, alone. His voice is paralled by no one else other than Nat King Cole. This album speaks volumes about the troubles of humanity - black and white, male and female. It speaks to the 60s generation, but there is a deeper spirituality and sense of soul that extends to this era just as well. If you want to shiver, drown, and then sleep soundly, than I suggest you buy this album. Nothing is quite as smooth, nothing is quite as sensual, nothing is quite as meaningful. Lastly, nothing today is being produced, I think, that can compare. The catch phrase is &quot;just do it.&quot; You will not regret this most incredible soul purchase."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ANM', u"Imagine that you are rummaging through old papers in the attic, and stumble across an unopened letter from a loved one who passed away long ago..... Imagine also that this letter confesses emotions that always had been hidden behind a smile and a rap, and that you sit there in that quiet, dark old attic and weep with the funny combination of grief and joy that such revelations evoke...That is the reaction to &quot;Vulnerable,&quot; this posthumous release of archival ballads that Marvin Gaye had worked on over the years, but never had been ready to release.  Each song--even the usually insipid &quot;Shadow of Your Smile&quot;--is filled with the nuances and range that lifted Marvin Gaye so far above the R&amp;B pack.  To listen to these new songs is to grieve again not just for the loss of the man but for the void that still has not been filled by any of his legions of imitators.Be warned that there are only 28 minutes of music on this CD, and that 3 of the 10 selections are &quot;alternate performances&quot; of the other 7--but each is so different as to stand alone.  Only 28 minutes?  Not to worry:  Do as I do, and play it over, and over, and over....The overall theme is loss... think of Sinatra's &quot;In the Wee Small Hours,&quot; and you'll capture the flavor. &quot;She Needs Me&quot; and &quot;Why Did I Choose You?&quot; are two that will shake your soul, and no way can you resist the shattering irony of &quot;I Won't Cry Anymore.&quot;  The orchestrations tend toward the lush, and the vocal stylings may sometimes be a bit self-conscious...but these are like criticizing Abe Lincoln for being &quot;thin.&quot;&quot;This Will Make You Laugh,&quot; he sings. No, not quite. Listen to this CD for the first time alone, at night, as I did, and be transported to your own sorrows and memories, and weep.  Marvin, m'man, &quot;I Wish I Didn't Love You So.&quot;Go ahead: It's a letter from an old loved one, who died years ago.  Open it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BQ7', u"I purchased this album and from the word go it was an awesome experience.  So much so that I felt it necessary to bring Minister Staten to my home country of Trinidad, in the Caribbean.  The two night concert was excellent.  I have NEVER heard an entire album that seems to touch and affect God's heart as this does.  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars.  Five is not enough.  I'm hoping to repeat the concert this year, but would approach it more as an extended time of worship.  God's children coming together to worship Him in spirit and in truth.  A time when we get into His presence through worship and wait on Him.  It will be glorious."))
(5.0, (u'B000003S3M', u"This disk grew on me until, to my horror, I found my rocking sensibilities in rhythm, style, and instrumentation had been broadened. Bruford and Earthworks tricked me by rocking just enough to keep every track accessible. Jazz purists may not care for it, and rock fans unwilling to stretch will be happier with _Gradually Going Tornado_ or _One of a Kind_... but _Dig_ has become one of my favorite instrumental albums, and remains unlike any other in my collection. The streaming audio samples don't capture the pristine fidelity of the recordings or its weird sections, but they do give a fair idea of the disk."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TBP', u"Even if you've somehow never heard of Beck Hansen until now, or if like me you heard about him for years but never actually seriously listened to any of his music, you need to sit down and LISTEN to Odelay. Then like me you'll try to find every single other recording he's made. He's everything anyone who likes music could want him to be, and something else I can't really say. Maybe he just has Kerouac's enigmatic &quot;IT&quot;..... truly normally insane unique crazy mad fingerpicking holyboy Beck is a Docter Sax for our times, mixing his verbal herbs to keep the impending serphents of our times from swallowing the art/music world completely.  What can anyone say.  He's Beck, man."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062QY', u"INFO: The American release of the Unforgiven 2 single.Track 01: The Unforgiven 2 (6:36) (From the album ReLOAD)Track 02: The Thing That Should Not Be (Live) (7:09) (Original version available on the album MASTER OF PUPPETS)REVIEW: The Unforgiven 2 ballad will sound a bit strange if you are a fan of the original Unforgiven song, however it won't take long before you'll be singing the lyrics in a duet with James. This time a man in looking on his past and realizing that he was stubborn and did make a big mistake, asking for his girlfriend's love, knowing he doesn't deserve it, and that she 'is Unforgiven Too.' More like a reprise of the original Unforgiven, yet unique in it's own way, different than most 2-part songs released before.First things first: the print on the actual CD identifies The Thing That Should Not Be (Live) as having a play time of 4:40. However, the actual play time is 7:09. With that said and done, the song is a must-have for anybody who enjoys a great heavy and mysterious song bordering on the edge of insanity leading up to a dramatic climax and a sudden ending. Not your typical low-quality live track."))
(5.0, (u'B0000064X8', u"Last month there was a great issue of Downbeat all about the Coltrane legacy that featured a wonderful interview with Ravi Coltrane. Within this feature Ravi spoken freely about what the jazz scene expected of him. Obviously they expect him to be his father. Well he did exactly what his father would hope he would do, he resisted the temptation to completely give into the Coltrane legacy and emphasized his individuality. If there is one aspect that John Coltrane emphasized throughout his career was for the artist to explore their inner uniqueness and self-reliant strength.  Ravi may not possess the free-flowing wall of sound tenor explosion that his father had, but he does have a strong sense of appreciation for the past and a powerful individuality that is intelligent and tender.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;I have only gotten so far as the first paragraph, and as usual I'm stuck trying to write something moving. Sometimes words are not enough to describe a recording. Sometimes I wish I could just sit down with the whole world and listen carefully to a record like Ravi's &lt;i&gt;Moving Pictures&lt;/I&gt; and revel in its elaborate and distinct flavor as a collective consciousness.  My friend John Murph came over one night for a little listening party and we checked out a lot of new music, but it was Ravi's recording that really stood out. Including the Downbeat article I had read other articles about this debut from numerous media sources and expected it, well frankly, to disappoint. Whenever the jazz media goes nuts over something it is usually for the wrong reason. In this case I thought that they were just giving lots of press to Ravi because he's Coltrane's son, but what I discovered listening to the album with Murph that night, is that it is far better than I could have imagined, and for once the jazz critics and I seem to agree. Non-committal listeners would miss most of the intricacies in Ravi's playing. I really began to love this record after listening to it ov! er and over again on headphones. I wanted to get as close as possible to the sound, as if to surround my psyche with the it's aural sensitivity. I have do this frequently with new recordings, to try to completely engulf myself.  But with &quot;Moving Pictures&quot; unlike other recordings, I ended up preferring to listen to it in this way.  The group is tremendous; Steve Coleman, shines like the star he is. Michael Cain's piano work is just a mind blower, I gotta tell 'ya baby, he plays some runs that just make me sweat. Then there is the tension filled expansive and lush landscapes of rhythm created by the always creative Jeff &quot;Tain&quot; Watts and compatriot Lonnie Plaxico. I haven't heard much of Ralph Alessi's playing before, but he definitely adds a temporal layer that is evocative and complex. The tracks that feature the group Ancient Vibrations is reminiscent of Rodney Kendricks efforts on his album last year &lt;i&gt;Last Chance for Common Sense&lt;/i&gt; and since I love that record I find the percussive excursions interesting and sublime.  Definitely one of the highlights of &lt;i&gt;Moving Pictures&lt;/I&gt; as got to be Ravi's version of the Joe Henderson classic &quot;Inner Urge&quot;. He treats this composition only compositional, meaning that he derives his playing from the inward motion of notes rather that attacking the tune from an outward palette.  The arrangement leaves lots of space for the players to freely improvise without improvising freely. It is really quite fascinating.  Over-all this record has quickly become one of my favorite albums. I look forward to hearing more from Ravi Coltrane in the future.  Truly the Coltrane legacy carries on from father to son but not in regards to technique or sound but rather self-worth and determination. END"))
(5.0, (u'B000006NO6', u"This project has been a long time coming.  It's material is reminiscent of who Thomas A. Whitfield was.  This project will remind the listener of how much the Maestro has had a profound affect on Christian Music.  The project was produced with the greatest of integrity in preserving the sound and style of Thomas A.Whitfield.  At times the listener will think that they are hearing the Maestro himself!  This project is a must for all &quot; Whitfield Fans&quot; and gospel music lovers alike.  Some of the songs that will capture you are &quot;Hold on, Don't Give up, It's Above My Head,  and the Lest We Forget  Medley.&quot;  These tunes were freshly done and will incite hope, joy and peace.  The musicians and soloist are top notch.  The sound of this project speaks, &quot;welcome home Rudolph Stanfield.&quot;  Daryl Coley and Vanessa Bell Armstrong's sweet lyrical vocal ability tops off this project's magnificient flavor.  If you want to experience the power and presence of God,  purchase this project, it is well worth it's price."))
(5.0, (u'B000006R59', u"My friend Dani from Ireland sent me a tape of Catatonia last month, and ever since I've been listening to them almost constantly.  With a Portishead/Kranes/Bjork - ish feel, their music is lovely, powerful, fun, and beautiful all at once.  &quot;Mulder and Scully&quot; was just played on Seattle's 107.7 the End last Sunday night (7/5/98) for the first time, and Cerys's voice was imprinted on the ears of millions of listeners.  The creative and heartfelt lyrics flowed from her lovely high voice, which has an appealing rough edge to it at times.  This band is from Wales and is the next huge thing to hit America! The UK already knows about and loves them, and Seattle, America's best music scene, is aware of their art! Put this CD at the top of your 'buy' list!! (Right next to Far's &quot;Water &amp; Solutions&quot; and Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer&quot;.) Some of my favorites?  Mulder &amp; Scully, Johnny Go Lately, My Selfish Gene, Don't Need the SUnshine"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H8C', u"This short recording has been one of my favorites since it came out eight years ago.  It contains several stirring versions of socialist movement classics.  The title track is grand and weighty - fitting for a national anthem.  Bragg's version of &quot;The Red Flag&quot; is spare and strident; one has to respect the courage of any musician who would promise &quot;when cowards cringe and traitors sneer/we'll keep the red flag flying here.&quot;  At the other end of the affective spectrum, Bragg shows us the price to be paid for political activism in &quot;My youngest son came home today,&quot; about the death in battle of the speaker's son.  The tracks on this album will leave you with the urge to cut barbed wire and organize a union."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VCT', u'The third record after &quot;Tales of Mystery And Imagination&quot; and &quot;I Robot&quot;, this collection of songs in my eyes and ears represents the very essence of the music from the Alan Parsons Project.What the two preceding albums had already hinted at, rises to unparalleled heights on this compilation. From meditative music to rocking smashers, from lyric ballads to weird concepts -- all the magic and mystery of the ageless wonder of the pyramids is spanned in the variety and the perfection of the songs found here. In my regard, the previous albums were tentative steps in some directions: what can be done, what should be done and how. Now this record takes it all in its stride, featuring some of the finest arrangements alongside with a variety of singers and musicians. All those tracks, mastered to perfection by Alan Parsons himself, blend together into a unique sound canvas that can only be described as making love to your ears, any which way you like it. Although they tried, I think the Project never managed to do better than this. Highly recommended.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002VLB', u"I had been introduced to McLachlan's music through &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstasy&quot; and after buying &quot;The Freedom Sessions&quot; and &quot;Surfacing&quot; was looking to see if she had anything else.  I picked up &quot;Solace&quot; and was blown away by how superior it was compared to the other work she has done.  Although her music has not gotten worse by any means, the recording here is incredibly wonderful ... her lyrics are touching and personal and the style of her music ethereal.  &quot;Thorns&quot; and &quot;I will Not Forget You&quot; had me addicted right away to the CD and after listening, I can't find many bad songs on the album."))
(5.0, (u'B0000021RB', u"What's there not to like about this album? If you're a fan of Chicago, well written lyrics, and the fusion of traditional rock instruments with brass, then this album is for you. Take a nostalgic trip back to the infancy of a band who would later simplify their name to &quot;Chicago.&quot;  Chicago Transit Authority--and its namesake album title--is chock full of memorable hits that will often conjure memories of where you were and what you were doing the first time you heard them. Besides outstanding hits such as &quot;Does Anybody Know What Time It Is?&quot; and &quot;Beginnings&quot;, the album draws its strength from supporting songs such as &quot;Listen&quot;, &quot;Question 67 and 68&quot;, &quot;I'm a Man&quot;, as well as the others. It's the debut of a musical force that has survived and prospered over the course of approximately 2.5 decades. Kick back, relax, and listen to the distictive sound of the &quot;Windy City.&quot; Enjoy..."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025NU', u"I'm from Long Island, where everyone is born with a copy of &quot;The Stranger&quot; in their hand.  I had heard my parents listening to this tape (and &quot;An Innocent Man&quot; for years and years, but my favorite album was always &quot;Turnstiles,&quot; especially &quot;Summer, Highland Falls&quot; and &quot;Miami 2017,&quot; the latter because it told a story.  A few years ago, while rummaging through a bargain bin in Borders, I came across &quot;Songs In the Attic.&quot;  I bought it, took it home and was amazed.  The songs that I had loved off of other albums that really never sounded very good were incredibly vivid.  I also loved the liner notes.  There's a sense of purity to them ... a &quot;this is what rock and roll is&quot; feeling that is accented by the fact that many of the settings for these songs are small clubs ... and the venues give the album its great feel.  I think Billy's right--you can't have &quot;Miami 2017&quot; unless it's in Madison Square Garden, or &quot;Captain Jack&quot; in the Spectrum.  It's one of those albums that nobody has ... but the person who does is envied by those who don't."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GXQ', u"Each song tells a great story. Though he did not have a &quot;classic&quot; voice, his singing is entrancing. &quot;Cats in the cradle&quot; is his biggest commericial hit but don't miss out on the other stories that are told with heart, humor and intelligence. His untimely death has to support the belief that some of the best die young because they are needed somewhere else. My family still misses him dearly. We saw him in concert on multiple occasions (my parents and my brothers aged 15 -20 at the time).  What other superstar performer took time to meet all his fans after every show, collecting donations for &quot;world hunger year&quot;, years before it was fashionable."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GYC', u"All that you read from the reviewers here assembled is true. This is the masterpiece that sums up the reason why Joni is for me and many others the person who's music has been the backdrop to their lives thus far. I first heard this in 1976 when Punk ruled in the UK and it took me away from all that to the point where I fought at school with my fellow students who thought that there was no place for 'that type of sh-t'.It still unsettles me to hear it today. From the intimate beginnings of 'Coyote' it just builds in scope through 'Furry' ( urban renewal?) until it reaches the big stuff with 'refuge of the roads' refering to the earth as 'this great big marbled bowling ball' with  'me here least of all'. If only 90's society would realise that this is all we really are."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FFJ', u"A virtuoso of an album for the ear.  Each song is a nickleodeon into a world of carnivalesque proportions.  A musical extravaganza to end all musicals.  It has the sweetness of a Brecht/Weill opera, the clank and boom of Partch.  Full of wit and audacity, &quot;Rain Dogs&quot; is the endearing equivalent to a haunting dream.  Like Waits' original title for the album, &quot;Evening Train Wrecks&quot;, each song is a disaster of music, but only a disaster in that disasters can be beautiful, can capture our essence the way only an accident can.  By surprising us.  By reminding us we are human.  A virtual encyclopedia of daydreams for the daydreamer, nightmares for the nightmarish.  Waits is the conductor of this train, set full steam for the guts.  Join him.  You won't be disappointed."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AEF', u"Out of all of my Maynard CD's, this is probably the one that keeps going in the CD player.  This CD is a perfect mix of his stuff.  It's got great tracks that show some of his big band stuff, but mostly his funky disco/jazz fusion.  He screams so high on this cd!  I can't tell you how many times I almost got into a car accident from listening to him. If you've never listened to Maynard, this cd is for you, it was my first taste, and I've been hooked since.  If you've heard him before, this is a must for you collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002TZL', u"This is it. The essence of the space age refined into one convenient package. All of the ultra-lounge titles are so campy they're cool, but for my money, nothing else so perfectly captures the mood of late '50s-early '60s America as the Space Capades CD. Transport yourself back to a time when bigger was better, the Atom was our friend and the superiority of The American Way was unquestioned.  'Though it may be campy now, there is actually an amazing amount of musical talent on this CD, as well as the other Ultra-Lounge titles. When we think '50s and '60s music today, most of us think Rock 'N' Roll. In those days, though, Rock was just a fad-- disposable kid music. All the SERIOUS contemporary artists were doing the sort of thing you hear on this CD. Its ironic, then, that most of these artists and their music have been passed over by posterity, while the early rockers have become legendary. Whatever your musical taste, if you are open to something different, and especially if you have a soft spot for martinis, pearls, and the '59 Imperial, you will like this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000003Q39', u"Once again Brasil's finest musical group has produced a unique and intriguing album.  On &quot;Uma Outra Estao,&quot; Legio Urbana explores various musical styles; from hard-driving rock, to light-hearted bluegrass, all the while underlined with the dark soberness so characteristic of this band's music. Even with the death of vocalist Renato Russo, &quot;Uma Outra Estao&quot; is very much Legio Urbana, and yet very different from any other of their albums.  This album even features a song whose lyrics were written by Renato Russo, but were not recorded in time before the singer's death, thus the song 'Sagrado Corao' appears as an instrumental.  This is definitely a must for the collection of all true fans of Legio Urbana."))
(5.0, (u'B000003U9O', u"Where did this come from? And how can I get more?  I loved this album!  It's a mix of flamenco, jazz, and popular music from Andalusia.  Though these are styles I about which I know very little, this album grabbed me the first time I heard it, and it hasn't let go since. &quot;Calima&quot; is said to mean &quot;heat.&quot;  If so, this record gets the &quot;truth in labelling&quot; award.The musicianship is superb, the production rich and clear, but most of all it's the astonishing rhythms! They're complex in a way that is unknown to American pop music, and lightning-fast, besides. Don't you have to sell something to the Devil to be able to that?"))
(5.0, (u'B000005JN5', u"This album has to be one of my favourites from the Crowdies. The songs are crisp, bouncy and stick in your head for ages. Woodface showcases some of the Crowdie's classics: &quot;It's Only Natural,&quot; &quot;Fall At Your Feet,&quot; &quot;Weather With You,&quot; and &quot;Four Seasons In One Day&quot;. There are plenty of snappy numbers, as well as slow, moody and sombre melodies that are sweet and lingering, leaving you singing them in your head all day long. The 'Brothers' Finn' writing combination is exquisite here, as well as Paul Hester's quirky 'Italian Plastic'. Who could ask for more? All I Ask is the music of the Crowdies to go on forever...!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000EIH', u"I was in love with this album in the mid 60's, when I was Young &amp; Impressionable.  The LP disappeared during some move at some time in my life, and I was very excited to learn it had come out in CD recently.  Judy Roderwick was a student at Colorado University when she recorded this album, along with a couple of brilliant side musicians.  While, 30 years later, some of the songs seem politically incorrect -- she's a &quot;white girl&quot; singing &quot;Black &amp; Blue&quot;, for example, and those old blues tunes do tend to be somewhat misogynistic in nature -- the brilliance of the late Ms. Roderick's surprisingly mature voice, and the passion of her performance makes this more than simply a musical sample of 60's coffeehouse folk; it's a real treasure and she will never be duplicated.  It's hard to believe that she was only 22 or so when it was recorded, it is so simply sophisticated and moving."))
(5.0, (u'B000003FRH', u"When I first got my hands on that CD, I thought it was just another collection of Irish folk-songs. Of course I knew the Chieftains and I liked their music a lot. But I did not expect such a collection of international superstars to join them in a session. I was really amazed to hear Sting sing a song in Irish. And I most definitely liked Sinead O'Conner's interpretation of &quot;The Foggy Dew&quot;. Up until now I had heard that particular song only from rather hoarse male voices.But the very best is the last one: &quot;The Rocky Road to Dublin&quot; (with the Rolling Stones). That song has always been one of my favorites and to hear it played in such an enthusiastic way (you can hear that the guys are having fun) was an experience I would not like to miss.The Chieftains like to collaborate with other artists often. These experiments turned out fine before (Irish Folk played by a Chinese symphonic orchestra, imagine that!) and this record takes their tradition of open-minded jam-happiness to new dimensions."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SRS', u"Three wild and crazy drunks form New Orleans, LA who put on the wildest rock and roll show to be found anywhere - that's Dash Rip Rock.  Let me just say that they broke my musical world wide open. I was twelve or thirteen, and like most Jr. high kids of the day I was enthralled by hair metal, and maybe Huey Lewis. Well, my friend John Fernandez had an older sister Jyoti who worked for our lcal college radio station. Well, one day he brougth me a tape of THIS band. Boom, that was it. This was it I left top 40 and never looked back (except maybee for a glimpse of that red-headed Spice Girl. For that, this band will always be special to me. Now, to the music. Dash Rip Rock has been many things. They can be saccarine sweet, or super raunchy, erudite and elegant, or primitive and brutal.  Most of all however, they are just too much fun.  Their music runs from country to punk to pop, and hits every mark in between.  PAYDIRT, their seventh album (which I just snagged an advance casset copy of)is the perfect combination of all their styles and strengths. The're a great band - the greatest, forever on the brink of stardom, who might just make it all the way with this effort. Catch them if you can - and don't let go!! Country Dick - Lookee Here! Michael Thomas"))
(5.0, (u'B000007T1A', u'MAXWELL MAXWELL MAXWELL! HE HAS DONE IT ONCE AGAIN. THIS BROTHER IS SO DEEP, SO SMOOTH, HE IS SURE TO BE AROUND FOR A WHILE.  EMBRYA IS A VERY SMOOTH LAID BACK CD. THIS IF DEFINATLEY ONE FOR THE COLLECTION. EMBRYA DOESNT GRAB YOU RIGHT AT FIRST, BUT ONCE YOU LISTEN TO IT A COUPLE OF TIMES YOU WONT BE ABLE TO GET THROUGH WITHOUT HEARING  IT AGAIN. THIS ABLE IS VERY SMOOTH.  THE MUSIC IS VERY SOOTHING.  EMBRYA WILL PROBALLY APPEAL TO AN OLDER AUDIENCE.  HIS LYRICS MAKE YOU BLUSH BECAUSE HE IS SO IN TOUCH WITH HIS FEELINGS. IT IS SO REFRESHING TO HAVE AN ARTIST EXPRESS IN SUCH A DEEP WAY. &quot; I LOVE MAXWELL&quot;  LOOKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT RELEASE.  PUT IT IN YOUR COLLECTION!!!'))
(5.0, (u'B0000003J4', u"I first saw this band in Austin, TX in the late 80's and have been hooked ever since.  This CD is a must for any Brave Combo fan!  The versions of &quot;Who stole the Kishka&quot; and &quot;Seven Steps&quot; will get your feet moving!  Note &quot;The Happy Wanderer&quot; as done by Brave Combo and as historically performed in Schindler's List, classical polka fans will get a charge out of the &quot;updated&quot; version. My favorite listening place for this CD is in my car on my morning commute.  This is the music that you WANT to get stuck in your head! If you think &quot;Nuclear Polka&quot; is your grandparent's music, think again!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000004SD', u"There are very few songwriters of any genre who have the skills and craft of Rich Mullins, and on this album Rich surpasses even the best of his past work. Rich has the lyrical skills of a top notch poet, and his visual lyricisim and several cuts(The Color Green, Land of my Sojourn, Here in America) are among the best lyrics ever written in a pop song. This CD cuts across the full range of Rich's music...from symphonic(52:10), to the playful(You Gotta Get Up), to the Celtic folk influence of 28 Eatonwood Green. Rich and his &quot;Ragamuffin&quot; band add a dynamic live feel to the music by recording the album(except the strings) live in the studio. I could not more highly recommended a CD to anyone who loves good music."))
(5.0, (u'B000006NUS', u"The question at hand is not whether or not this record is good- It easily surpassed any expectations I had of ANY rock outfit at this time. While I think both &quot;our Caballero&quot; and Don Cabballero II&quot; are both great records in their own right, &quot;What Burns&quot; easily blows both away. This record seems to be the final step in don cab's evolution. The music on this album is a continued exploration of all things associated with traditional metal but WAY WAY WAY more intellegent. Yes, double-bass, finger tapping, and hammer-ons abound in a multitude that would please any cannibal corpse fan but it is in these stock cliches of &quot;rock&quot; that don cab goes about destroying and reshaping what is known as modern rock. Time signatures and tempos changes clash and collide and usually meet in a sort of resolution not found in the similarly executed storm &amp; stress album. If you like storm &amp; stress you will like this but if you liked earlier don cab albums you may find it harder to get into this album. The songs are even less linear on this album than ever before and they sometimes wander into the area of &quot;Free&quot; music ala Ornette Coleman's and many others. If you have the patiance for this you will be rewarded and amazeds throug repeated listenings. I could gush about this album ad naseum but I'll stop now knowing I have done my duty for the good of man. Buy this. Listen to it at a very high volume."))
(5.0, (u'6302452996', u"My grandmother remembered seeing this movie when it originally came out in 1937.  When I started getting into Barbara Stanwyck, about a year ago, she recalled this film as being the only film she ever cried at when she was younger.  Mind you that the main form of entertainment during the 30s and 40s were movies, and she saw MANY!  So, to be nice, I went out and purchased a copy of the movie, and surprised her one day and we watched it.  The year was 1997.  She still cried.  60 YEARS LATER, the same movie she remembered as the only movie she ever cried at when she was younger, still got her the same way.  Just a few weeks ago, we watched it again.  Again, tears welled up in her eyes.  This just goes to show the power of a brilliantly made, brilliantly acted film.  And &quot;Stella Dallas&quot; combines both beautiful production and wonderful acting to produce one of THE BEST tear-jerkers ever made.  Barbara Stanwyck as a mother who sacrifices everything for her only daughter (Anne Shirley), was nominated for an Oscar, and rightfully so!  The scenes are classic, especially the final one, which I won't give away. This is a MUST SEE film...&quot;Stella Dallas&quot; will not disappoint you...  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002HOQ', u"&quot;This album should have went GOLD!!!&quot;Everything You Want&quot; is a wonderful album. It shines Ray-J's creativity as a singer/producer and I hope writer.This young man has lots of talent and it is proven in his debut CD. If this CD didn't get enough recodnition in 1997 trust me, whenever his sophomore album is released everyone who didn't accept his music will eventually turn around from their ways. His music has paved the way for many new coming artist who have chosen not to use sampling in their music. Eventhough his music is very unusual and diffrent, I think he made a perfect decision by bringing the funk back.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UB0', u"It is well known that the Beatles were not involved in/interested in the movie &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;.  But the end result was still very well received.  The CD is a faithful reproduction of the original soundtrack; with all that modern technology has to offer.  Although I do miss the scratches.  It actually comes under the heading of &quot;Easy Listening&quot; although I am certain no one would have expected that all those years ago.  And they just don't write them like that anymore.  Plug in the headphones but don't turn them too loud or you'll miss the subtlety of the orchestration.  It's great.  It would make a marvelous addition to anyone's music library."))
(5.0, (u'B000007O7B', u"Bond fans around the world should welcome the return of one of John Barry's best Bond scores.  Rykodisc's additional tracks make this CD far superior to the old Warner Brothers release from 1987.  Actually, the bonus track contain some of the best music from the film.  The wonderful track &quot;Exercise at Gibraltar&quot; is the entire bit from the great pre-title sequence.  Another excellent piece is &quot;Final Confrontation&quot; which recalls much of Barry's earlier efforts from the Connery days.  Others of note are &quot;Murder at the Fair&quot; and the romantic &quot;Approaching Kara&quot; and &quot;Alternate End Titles.&quot;  Thanks again Rykodisc for improving on one of my most favorite scores!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GOX', u"With the sad departure of John Barry from the 007 scene, Bond fans should breath a sigh of relief with the introduction of Dave Arnold.  It does not take a music master to recognize where Mr. Arnold goes for suitable Bondian inspiration.  Let's face it, John Barry created 007's unique sound and to depart from his legacy is a cheat to Bond fans.  Mr. Arnold's score is often warmly reminicent of Barry's classic scores from the Connery era.  His music for K.D. Lang's &quot;Surrender&quot; makes that song far superior to the Sheryl Crow main title.  Let's hope that the Bond producers have recognized Mr. Arnold's talent and attention to detail by signing him to score Bond 19."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EMS', u"Known mainly for the overplayed, but still fine hit &quot;It's My Party,&quot; Lesley Gore reveals in this collection many fine, but neglected American pop tunes from the period when the Beatles and the British Invasion started to take over the American charts.  An earlier collection revealed many fine songs unknown to me.  Songs such as &quot;She's A Fool,&quot; &quot;You Don't Own Me,&quot; &quot;That's The Way Boys Are,&quot; and &quot;Maybe I Know.&quot;  With that collection of 18 songs, I would have thought I had all the Lesley Gore I could ever want.  Was I ever wrong.  This 2 cd set adds many finely crafted surprises, arranged and performed expertly. Two superb examples being &quot;Run, Bobby Run,&quot; and &quot;I'm Coolin', No Foolin'.&quot;  But the good tunes don't stop there.  &quot;That's The Way The Ball Bounces&quot; with it's dreamy vocal, &quot;Sometimes I Wish I were A Boy,&quot; and many others abound.  And this is just the first disc.  The second disc has yet to fire me up like the first, but it's probably only a matter of time.  A 24 page booklet is included!  If there are this many good songs on 2 cd's, I guess my next step is the 5 cd set from Bear Records."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EW3', u"This is a good CD indeed.  I'm a regular metal music listener and one day, as I was driving to work, I heard Shania over the radio with the song 'Still the One'.  Man, was I blown away.  Next day, went out, got the CD and I love the CD plus her fantastic voice.  She has that soft-husky style voice which you can't really describe it in words.  Well, this is my first country music CD (maybe my last) and I think it's great.  Since my last best CD album purchase which was Death's 'Symbolic' (death metal genre), I can say Shania's CD has been one of my few memorable CD purchases in a long time."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NAZ', u"Unlike anything you are likely to hear nowadays, Labelle's &quot;Something Silver&quot; captures the best from their early 70's recordings when they liberally fused Rhythm &amp; Blues, Rock , Funk and Politics. Patti Labelle has never sounded better than when Nona Hendryx and Sarah Dash were at her side. CD features a funky cover of Cat Stevens' &quot;Moonshadow&quot; and a tender version of the Rolling Stones'&quot;Wild Horses&quot;. The best tracks are those penned by group member Nona Hendryx: the rousing &quot;Sunday's News&quot;,the bluesy &quot;If I Can't Have You&quot;, and the highlight of the whole affair is the gospel-inflected &quot;I Believe That I've Finally Made It Home&quot; (one of my all-time favorite songs). A classic!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001AW2', u"I'm told that this 1964 concert occurred during JLL's &quot;angry&quot; period....Well, he certainly unleashed his energy and TALENT during this concert. He doesn't ease into it; he starts at full speed and increases his speed until, by the seventh selection, &quot;Great Balls...&quot;, the audience is whipped into a frenzy, singing along (this song and &quot;What I Say&quot;).  &quot;High School Confidential&quot; is so intense that, at times, JLL's backup has trouble keeping up with him.  Good quality CD sound.  A superb ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta, driving, JLL performance.  The only regret is that JLL had to travel out of the USA to get the audience respect he deserves!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003STL', u"I won't go into great detail. The bottom line is that if you want an epic album by an epic band, and perhaps the best of the punk lot, then you should buy this gritty stripped down piece of inspired musicianship. The Damned are a wonderful band. Bigger than life in many ways, incredibly talented, underrated and almost always misunderstood. All you have to do is LISTEN to them and you'll see that the mainstream music press was full of ole crapola for ignoring them. Greatness eventually gets discovered. Fortunately, the secret is out on the Damned. Still, these guys deserve all the support they can. This stuff cranks though. If you want music a few notches slower, check out &quot;Strawberries&quot; by the Damned. &quot;Strawberries&quot; cannot be approached. That's a more varied, textured and mature album, but both are worth buying. Enjoy!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'6301519388', u"If you're looking for the best introductory video on ballroom dancing, this is it!!! Without going into complicated terminology, this video provides the student with clear and concise instruction. One can tell that at lot of time and effort was directed at providing the most important fundamentals of partner dancing for the student. What is wonderful about this video is one can play the video &quot;over and over&quot; and still derive benefit from the clear instruction given. I teach ballroom and I recommend this video to my students and have used it myself for improving my teaching ability. Listen carefully for her wonderful choice of words for describing each movement or action!! Ms Scholz is internationally known for not only her dance ability but also her dance instruction ability. It would be difficult to find a better teacher of ballroom at any level of dance instruction. We keep wondering when she will do a follow-on video!!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KAD', u"I started listening to this recording in the late 60's in college:  the rest of the series included &quot;The Earth&quot; and &quot;The Sky&quot; that I can remember.  But the sounds--of the surf rushing in, crashing, and pulling back; birds calling; even the storms--were my favorite as they all mix so well with the strings that you feel you are there.  Some of today's pieces that try to copy this effect only jar you away from the surf sounds.  The unknown artist whose male voice recites Rod McKuen's poetry also blends in with the surf and strings to bring a peaceful, relaxed feeling.  If you've tried any relaxation techniques, including hypnotism, you'll find this a welcome addition.  Mantra-shmantra:  you won't need anything but this.  Trying to picture yourself in a restful place?  This will take you there.  I used to listen to it on my old record player.  I usually fell so soundly asleep that even the needle's &quot;shhtuh-shhtuh-shhtuh&quot; when the side was finished didn't awaken me or my roommate.  Looking for something for a romantic evening?  You've found it.  By the way, I'd lost my original 33 1/3 copy in a house fire in '89.  I finally found it at a flea market in '94 and paid $10.00 for it.  That copy will live in my treasure box.  This new one on CD will be in my player more than any other CD, guaranteed."))
(5.0, (u'B000006MX5', u'This is worth buying, period. I went to Tower Records today and heard &quot;Life in Mono&quot; being played. I was blown away and immediately bought &quot;Formica Blues&quot; along with a Robyn Hitchcock album and an All album. &quot;Life in Mono&quot; is love and romance. Amazing. No irony. Pure bliss. Some of the other songs on the album are great. The second half lags. Siobhan has a wonderful voice, but somehow it gets in the way later in the album. Still, I heartily recommend this album. I have listened to&quot;Life in Mono&quot; about 10 times tonight. Again, Brilliant song. Take care, gergely'))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"Billy Corgan, James Iha, and D'arcy have made a very good CD.  The Songs on Adore are very mellow and relaxing.  The Smashing Pumpkins are one of the best bands of the 90's in my opinion. I have enjoyed listening to  all of the CDs they have released so far. On Adore, there is not better song than another.  Each song is good for a different reason. &quot;Crestfallen&quot; is a very nice song with very good piano playing.  &quot;The Tale Of Dusty And Pistol Pete&quot; is a great song with a good rythm and a good melody.  Of course, &quot;Ava Adore&quot; is a very good song with a great beat, attention grabbing lyrics and instrument playing.  Adore is as a little bit more mellow than Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. But I like both of these albums because of the similarities between them."))
(5.0, (u'6300269388', u"Eccentric movie producer (James Coburn)throws a week-long party aboard his yacht with six Hollywood-type characters invited - one of whom may or may not be responsible for the murder of Coburn's wife (&quot;Sheila&quot;) a year before. To make the vacation interesting, each person becomes a player in a game where secrets are revealed and truths are uncovered. But is it all in fun? Or is there a motive behind Coburn's twisted hijinks? And, when key participants wind up dead, will we ever find out just who is responsible for...the last of Sheila? Brilliant script that will have you guessing until the very end. And all the clues are there...look for them!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OS5', u"Greatest Hits packages are always viewed as commercial moves. After all, it's a new album for fans to buy, but little or no work by the artist has gone into it. While that may hold true here, this disk also shows the Gabriel-uninitiated the high spots of a sparkling career. Buy it, enjoy it, and then get his others as the &quot;non-hit&quot; music on the original albums is equal to any of the tracks showing up here. If it is possible to achieve true greatness in the music industry, PG is at the top of the list, and this collection gives 16 shining examples of why he's there."))
(5.0, (u'B000009N83', u"My life spans the Artist's career. From &quot;For U&quot; to now &quot;New Power Soul&quot;, I can still say I am feeling him. In the 80s they said he spoke to much about sex in his lyrics and his language was too raw. But now they call him a legend?...What is he an artist. Musical trends come and go, but a true artist changes when they feel they must change. &quot;New Power Soul&quot; shows that...he has traveled backwards through time to the 70s with the help of Chaka Khan and Larry Gramham to bring to the late 90s music that is not only funky, but clean. What more can you ask for?... I adore the tracks &quot;Until Ure In My Arms Again&quot; and &quot;The One&quot; the first single off the lp. For they are mellow with a sexy groove that makes you want to just grab the one you love and just sway to the music. &quot;Push it Up!&quot; could be another anthem played at sporting events and &quot;Funky Music&quot;...well its funky, but concert goers know there is another even funkier way to play &quot;Funk Music&quot;(hint hint &quot;I like Funky Music&quot;.) 1999 is approaching us and &quot;New Power Soul&quot; is a nice way to get ready for whatever new is to come.Peace, Love and Blessed LightLela &quot;Zeinabau&quot; JeffersonEND"))
(5.0, (u'6302538068', u"A fantastic collection of Cheap Trick videos, this one is not to be missed by fans.  It spans their career from the early 90's back to the Dream Police era in reverse chronological order.  There's Budokan footage on here, as well as their high energy performance of &quot;Ain't That A Shame&quot; on the American Music Awards. A chronicle of every up and down of their careers, you'll enjoy the &quot;in jokes&quot; for serious Cheap Trick fans.  There's hokey &quot;concept&quot; videos, bad hair videos, and a nod to Elvis.  The best are their live performances, when they simply turn on a camera and play.  Don't miss this one, it's a bargain, and a great way to spend an evening with Cheap Trick.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002IZ9', u"Nugent has created many fine songs with many fine musicians, but this album tops them all.  Every track is Ted at his most bodacious in a long time. &quot;I Shoot Back&quot;, &quot;Spirit of the Wild&quot;, good rock'n'roll!  His tribute to Fred Bear is nothing less than the things you can truly say about a friend who has crossed over.  &quot;Kiss My Ass&quot; is strictly telling it like it is.  The Nuge is a hunter par excellence, and doesn't mind telling you that.  He isn't a killer, he is a hunter.  This album is one big celebration of &quot;Here's what I do, take it or leave it&quot; to me!  Enjoy a feast of Nugent the stalker, the friend, the musician!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000W7B', u"I was a big fan of Reggae back in the 70s - I listened almost all the time to Rock steady and early Reggae beat. Sometime - round about the mid 80s it all became rather boring and repetitive so I gave it up. Coming back to the music with the new millennium in sight what a thrill it is to discover Shaggy and the 'Bombastic full length album'.What excitement, what power, what freshness of approach, what impeccable choice of tracks to toast to (toast means DJ in traditional reggae). This must be the most exciting toast album I have heard since Big Youth's 'Dread Locks Dread' (check it out). Shaggy has a wonderful strong voice, and the tracks he chooses to toast are all gems. Most of them unknown to me apart from Mungo Jerry's 'in the summer time' and Marley's 'Mr. Brown' (although the original is almost unrecognizable after shaggy's treatment of it). Shaggy generally goes for raunchy humor but social issues also play a part and I defy you not to be moved by Shaggies masterly adaptation of Ken Booths &quot;The train is coming&quot; (anybody know where the original can be found).Go out - buy the album - get into a suitable state of mind and play it loud. you won't be disappointed."))
(5.0, (u'B0000024SD', u"Oh, the wonders this record contains, even today, even thirty-three years later! Dylan shocks the folkies and his old fans with the street-tough Beat poet anti-establishment rap &quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues,&quot; with its amphetamine jangle and overwhelming paranoia. There's the wonderful and concise rhymes of &quot;She Belongs to Me&quot;: &quot;You will start out standing/Proud to steal her anything she sees/But you will wind up peeking through her keyhole/Down upon your knees.&quot; The classic yowling and defiant &quot;Maggie's Farm&quot;--wasn't this the number that he played at the Newport Folk Festival in '65 that so horrified everyone? His sense of humor shines sharp, witty and dead-on in &quot;On the Road Again&quot; and &quot;Bob Dylan's 115th Dream.&quot; Then those great &quot;folk songs.&quot; The immortal &quot;Mr Tambourine Man,&quot; with its &quot;derangement of the senses,&quot; almost an overload of images and feelings. The youthful truth-seeker, angry, restless, brave and finger-pointing in &quot;Gates of Eden&quot; and &quot;It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)&quot; (he never actually says that in the song. How simple and effective it then becomes). And it ends--consciously, one assumes--with &quot;It's All Over Now, Baby Blue.&quot; Was he kissing off the closed-minded folkies who wanted to keep him in a box, away from electricity, pure and soon irrelevant? &quot;He understands your orphan with his gun.&quot; Watch &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; and notice the smile that spreads across his face when he sings that line. What can I say? I've been listening to this album for only 6 months and it is now in my bloodstream...."))
(5.0, (u'B000002W2I', u"When he began writing for this his third album, Bruce was tired of being labeled as AOR or &quot;mellow.&quot; By God, this sure helped him shake that mellow label. He departs from the mostly-piano-strings-and-some-token-guitar formula of earlier albums and begins exploring his roots. This CD is much more jazzy and bold than the first two (although they're excellent in their own right; don't get me wrong here). I was one of the first Hornsby fans to run out and buy this CD in June 1990, and I couldn't help wondering whether it would be an unpleasant departure from his earlier music. I was very pleased once I listened to it. My advice to you, if you're a new Hornsby listener, is to buy the first 3 or so CDs and listen to them back to back to back and see for yourself how his style has grown over the years. (The growth continues on _Harbor Lights_ and _Hot House_, but that's material for another review.) Happy listening to you!  --Rachael Williams Hisaw"))
(5.0, (u'B000002OSK', u"Jimi Hendrix's Blues album represents what Hendrix really was--a blues guitarist.  He has taken the best qualities of all the great blues artists and has combined them into one awesome force.This album has less emphasis on the singing and more on the music.  Jimi stands out from the band but still allows the drums and bass to be heard.  Billy Cox does an excellent job on bass; he really spices up the music.I believe that this is Jimi's greatest album to date because his guitar solos seem to really flow from inside.  The solos never seem to end.If you like the blues, rock or Jimi's other music, I would suggest you add this CD to your collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000007S8J', u"The retro first cut, New Dawn Coming, with its surprisingly &quot;mainstream&quot; sound and feel, is almost comparable to the Jefferson Airplane's best work.  However, the wonderful second cut, Blue Guitar, couldn't have been recorded by anyone but this band and from there on the album settles down to the power, charm and prozac blueness fans like me wake up having dreamt about.Although some complain this album is more mainstream and lush than previous ones, the band has the talent to explore and innovate and I'm glad to see them doing so.  Their experiments are typically triumphant and their rare misfires are as a matter of course rescued by their not-so-secret weapon -- Margo Timmons.  Her voice, now playful and breathy, now serious and clear, is always pretty enough to make your knees weak."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KMD', u"This album seems to get short shrift from critics and fans, but for the life of me I can't figure out why. Everytime I play this in my car, my voice gets hoarse from singing along. &quot;The KKK Took My Baby Away&quot; is genius; &quot;We Want the Airwaves&quot; a passionate, simmering cry for rock'n'roll justice; &quot;Sitting in My Room&quot; humorously defiant; &quot;7-11&quot; a mournful, yet strangely upbeat, love song; &quot;She's a Sensation&quot; a sure cure for the blues; &quot;Ain't My Place (in the 9 to 5 World)&quot; clever and sharp, with &quot;cameos&quot; by Stephen King and Jack Nicholson. This whole album is a blast from beginning to end, and worlds better than the album that preceeded it, the Phil Spector-produced &quot;End of the Century.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'6304925220', u"First shown as an orginal Showtime movie last fall, Gold Coast snuck into home video this June with little fanfare.  This little gem of a movie deserves at least some the fanfare given its other &quot;sister&quot; Elmore Leonard theatrical releases.  Based pretty faithfully on Leonard's book of the same name it stars a perfectly cast David Caruso as Maguire, who in this role gets to smile, be funny, and gets the girl -- worth the price of admission right there.  Marg Helgenberger as Karen and Jeff Kober as Roland are also excellent in their roles, with special kudos to Mr. Kober who makes Mr. Leonard's goofy character a villain you love to hate.  Peter Weller's direction is fast paced and snappy, it doesn't hurt to have read the book before you see the film.  Special mention must also be given the cinematography, the locations are beautifully shot and are visually stunning.  Those scenes shot in the late afternoon sun and at the pool by night just make you long to be there!  The musical score is wonderfully brassy and jazzy, underscoring perfectly the tone and feel of the film.  Though it may be hard to find this video it's worth the effort.  So fire up the VCR, pour yourself a tall, cool drink, and take a trip to the Gold Coast as only Elmore Leonard can take you.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B00000638F', u"I just bought this cd today, and now I wish I would have bought it earlier.  I was reluctant to buy it with just hearing the song &quot;Inside Out,&quot; but I finally did and was glad I did so.  Every song turned out to be great, and they all also had the same upbeat rhythm and fast pace as the band's first single.  If you like &quot;Inside Out,&quot; then buy this cd because you'll like every song on it!  My second favorite song, &quot;Inside Out&quot; being the first, was track 5--&quot;Open Road Song.&quot;  I aplaud this new &quot;energetic pop band&quot; on a great album with hopes of more to come!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006E49', u"Regional bands visit the campus here at Virginia Tech very often, but you don't come across groups like Everything everyday.  Their music is a mix of jazz, pop, and just about anything else you can think of.  I've been a huge fan of theirs since I first saw them two years ago in concert.Their first hit &quot;Hooch&quot;, the second track of this CD, only partially reflects what this CD has to offer to an open ear.  Their songs are upbeat, easy to listen to, and smooth.The band itself is charismatic and unique, pioneering a definitive style of music.  Everything is a pleasure to listen to and the album is pure fun."))
(5.0, (u'B000002U9W', u"&quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot; by Pink Floyd is by far my favorite album of any genre. Yes, I admit, it is quite unconventional. The first track, twenty minutes long and sub-divided into several different parts, contains many surreal samples of orchestra horns, Waters' bass riffs, Masons' drum rantings, Wright's melodic keyboard tangents and Gilmour's eloquent guitar-playing and is punctuated with the sounds of cannons, a musket-firing horse cavalry, a motorcycle and some unintelligible chanting.  However, all of the pieces come together as a relaxing yet compelling mosaic of sounds that coerce the listener's imagination into action.Waters' &quot;If&quot; is similar to his &quot;Pigs on the Wing&quot; contributions, but is much more compelling as its melancholy lamentations have a &quot;Mother&quot; (from their most commercially successful album &quot;The Wall&quot;) type flavor. &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; is a beautiful, relaxing Gilmour composition that is just a pleas! ! ure to listen to. Wright's &quot;Summer of '68&quot; is perhaps the boldest song on the album (and my favorite) with blaring horns, undulating piano and strumming guitar. All I can say is I simply love this song.Closing out the album is &quot;Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast&quot; a tri-part medley that is begun and intermissioned by the kitchen sounds of cabinets opening, water running, slippered feet dragging across the floor, cereal pouring into a bowl and &quot;Alan&quot; complaining about his back. It  starts out with a few minutes of joyful piano musings, then a few minutes of guitar, then all is brought together with bass guitar and drums for a climax that dissipates into the sound of a leaky faucet tap. I think this album is in a class by itself and truly a masterpiece. If you like The Moody Blues &quot;Days of Future Passed,&quot; which is also an unconventional orchestra/rock masterpiece, I'd suggest you give this album serious consideration to add to your music libr! ! ary."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UVQ', u"But whatever it's officially called, I LOVE it!! This was my first introduction to Swing/Jazz and I can't stop listening to it!!  I'm afraid I'm going to burn myself out on this one CD, so I just ordered the Squirrel Nut Zippers and Zoot Suit Riot to add to my new collection.  Anybody else know of some other good ones?  This CD was so refreshing after spending countless hours punching the buttons on the radio over and over again, trying to find a decent song between all the rap, rock and alternative.  This will sound funny, but it's great music to clean house or cook dinner to. Try shutting off the TV and just enjoy the music some evening while you get stuff done.  It's also making me think seriously about taking swing lessons.  Let's hope BBVD keeps the tunes coming, especially the fast, toe-tapping likes of &quot;Mr. Pinstripe Suit.&quot;  Kudos to BBVD!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000046ND', u"What jazz singer, today, could assemble for his or her debut album the likes of legendary trumpeter Clifford Brown; guitarist Barry Galbraith; bassists Milt Hinton and Oscar Pettiford; and a then-21-year-old arranger named Quincy Jones?Few if any could pull off an equivalent assemblage of contemporary giants today.  But an unknown 25-year-old jazz singer, Helen Merrill, managed it in 1955 by virtue of  the straight ahead clarity of her beautiful voice, innocent yet tinged with just the right amount of sultriness needed to make it more than an obvious effect.The solos of Clifford Brown--a trumpeter who'd have given Miles Davis more than a little competition if he'd lived--are particularly striking, alternately plaintive and celebratory, almost an extension of Merrill's voice.  So too Jimmy Jones's piano, particularly on Billie Holiday's &quot;Don't Explain.&quot;Like John Coltrane's &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; or Miles Davis's &quot;Kinda Blue,&quot; Helen Merril! ! l's 1955 debut album--now remastered on CD--is not for nostalgia buffs.  Rather, it's for jazz fans who know an original, a classic, when they hear one."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MHX', u"Joao Gilberto is a genius singer and the originator of Brazilian bossa nova. His double release Amoroso/Brasil combines 2 of of the best albums of his later career in one CD. The Amoroso section ('77) displays the tranquil, fluid perfection of Gilberto's vocals. The string arrangements are somewhat heavy, but well-composed and appropriate. Joao sings with a fascinating combination of vocal control and sensuality, as on a torrid version of &quot;Besame Mucho&quot;.  The syncopated skip of his vocal lines on Jobim classics such as &quot;Wave&quot; is breathtaking. Great music for slow, steamy dancing. The Brasil section ('80) is my favorite, because of a more samba style, lighter arrangements, and delightful guest vocals by Caetano Veloso, G.Gil and Maria Bethania. For enjoying soft, relaxed Brazilian music, this double album is the one of the very best."))
(5.0, (u'B000003JLO', u"Maggie Sansone transported us back to ancient celtic times in &quot;Mist and Stone&quot; (another 5 star recording) with a thoroughly riveting traditional performance; but in &quot;Dance Upon the Shore,&quot; her arrangements are planted firmly in the present while the soul of her music is drawn deeply from the past. The music is at once thoughtful, yet light; running the gamut of emotions from meditative to fanciful.The music will capture you immediately. When I started the CD, my active 9-year-old daughter stopped in mid-bounce and said,&quot;Wow, that's nice! What is that, Dad?&quot; and proceeded to listen to the entire CD three or four times straight through. I did too. It is just that good.&quot;Dance Upon the Shore&quot; and &quot;Mist and Stone&quot; are Sansone at her best, and you do yourself a disfavor if you don't have them both."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S5N', u"I am not a typical critic, but a-ha is one of my favorite groups and this is my favorite album by them.  Along with &quot;Hunting High and Low&quot; and &quot;Stay On These Roads,&quot; I love listening to the entire album.  Although they are not very popular in the US, they certainly have what I would call an American sound--somewhat like The Outfield.  I do not know much about the group, but the odd and clever lyrics, great synth music, and hauntingly clear vocals make me wish they had produced so much more in the mid-80s.  Amid my 350 or so CD, a-ha's are the most listened to.  SPK"))
(5.0, (u'B00000619T', u"Gary Numan, at once written off as both a cliched 80's icon and as a one hit wonder, proves his music has been and continues to be much more than that.As a much under-rated and often uncredited influence since his explosive arrival on the music scene in the the early 80's, 'Exile' proves to be a &quot;comeback&quot; he has long deserved. 'Exile' a &quot;theme&quot; album is very dark, very energetic and very much worth a listen. Written with a dark, agnostic (albeit anti-religious) view of god and man, this brooding and sonically-rich CD paints its textures in vivid broad colors, in addition to Numan's typically cold and seething hues.From the opening growl of synthetic demons in the energetic first track 'Dominion Day', to the war-weary tears and apocalyptic words of the closing title track, Numan takes the listener on a terrifying tour through a world in which god is revealed to be far from the loving entity we are all too often told he is.Every track is st! ! rong (unlike many albums these days) although a few are stand-outs. Among them is the brooding 'Dark', the pulse-pounding 'The Angel Wars' and the surprisingly poigniant 'Absolution', which is one of only three &quot;love&quot; songs Numan has penned to date.Anyone who is a fan of the goth/industrial genre (be it NIN, Marilyn Manson, Ministry, etc.) not only owes a debt to Numan, but also owes this CD a listen. It is time well spent."))
(5.0, (u'B000000D8U', u'This is the CD to get to hear the best songs from Donny\'s last two releases before joining the cast of "Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", the self titled "Donny Osmond" and it\'s follow up "Eyes Don\'t Lie".  The #2 hit "Soldier Of Love" is here, a get ya dancin\' tune that proved Donny wasn\'t down for the count. The beautiful "Sacred Emotion" is here too, with it\'s lush sound, and Donny\'s smooth ballad friendly voice sounds especially hot here. If you think that Donny Osmond still wears purple socks and sings "Puppy Love", listen again. Donny is a well rounded and versatile entertainer and singer. I recommend this CD, it will definately surprise you.'))
(5.0, (u'B000007V8O', u"This is a Hot Live show by what I consider  Joe's Best lineup Ever -- 1979-84 -- with the  late great B.J. Wilson (of Procol Harum) on  Drums and excellent guitar work by Cliff  Goodwin.  B.J. Wilson played on Joe's first  hit -&quot;With a Little Help From My Friends&quot; -  and in fact was credited by Joe with Saving  that session after 35 unsuccessful takes with  Jim Capaldi! There's a great rendition of  that song on this CD, as well as other hits  -- The Letter, and You Are So Beautiful; the  latter includes a Gorgeous guitar solo by  Goodwin.Here's hoping for More LIVE releases from  this Joe's Greatest Band!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000001BA', u"The only bad news: this should have been released on CD years ago. I have been haunting the catalogs for years and assumed there was some legal snafu preventing its release. Here is Harry Nilsson at his prime (even if some later &quot;screamers&quot; were bigger &quot;hits&quot;), recorded before cigarettes and alcohol ravaged those unbelievably clear high notes. The songwriting is incredible, ranging from classic Americana nostalgia (&quot;Nobody Cares About the Railroad Anymore&quot;, &quot;Marching Down Broadway&quot;, &quot;Rainmaker&quot;) to witty tongue-in-cheek (&quot;Fairfax Rag&quot;) to some of the most beautiful love songs ever written (listen to &quot;Maybe&quot; and tell me I'm wrong).Then there's the voice: What a range!Folks, some of these songs are available on &quot;Personal Best - A Harry Nilsson Anthology&quot; (an excellent double CD overview of his career), but about half of these tunes haven't seen the light of day for a number of years.  Wh! ! at a rarity: An album with no filler, no clinkers...every song a pleasant surprise.You could do a lot worse."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OUW', u"As an incarnated Manowar fan I was very exited about how this album would be before it was released. I have all the Manowar albums and I wasn't sure if they could manage to create another masterpiece as the previous releases. But they did! The Louder Than Hell album fits right in to the fine collection. It is an outstanding CD full of adventures and excellent performed metal music. The music style on this album is very alike the style the play on the Kings of Metal album and the Fighting the World album. Well, if you like Manowar or adventure metal in general this album is album will suit your CD drawer perfect..."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UB2', u"I rank Abbey Road as the second best Beatles album (behind Revolver) and certainly one of the greatest albums of all-time.  My roomate in college played this CD one night and forever changed my perception on The Beatles.  Little did I know The Beatles had so much range in the songs they wrote, so much power and feeling in the music they created.  And so many great songs on one album!  &quot;Oh Darling&quot; and &quot;I Want You&quot; are two of my absolute favorites.  But it's the beautiful &quot;Something&quot; that really floored me.  I was hooked. I made a mental note to myself to buy every CD the Beatles ever recorded.  As I listened to Abbey Road I kept saying, &quot;I didn't know the Beatles sang that!&quot; and &quot;Damn, this is like a greatest hits album!&quot;  My roomate just nodded in acknowledgement.  He was already privy to the fact that Abbey Road was a classic, and that The Bealtes are the standard by which other bands can only measure themselves.  Ever! ! y fan of music should add Abbey Road to their collection of CDs.  It's a can't miss buy."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UJQ', u'My first taste of Radiohead - Pink Floyd meets This Life. Paradoid Android must be one of the seminal songs of the 90s. I read an interview with Tom York where he talked of Paranoid Android being a distillation of the entire album which, was not an attempt to write a &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; but a collage of movement. The melding of those pieces is mind-blowing.The final track on the album, The Tourist, is heart-racingly powerful, leaving you with a sense of place; a sense of humanity which is totally subversive when unleashed.I now wonder whether Radiohead can ever transcend OK Computer, not that I doubt their ability, but every great band has a creative pinnacle which they may never reach again. I just wonder if Radiohead have hit that peak with OK Computer.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002UWL', u"Probably the album where the PSBs stopped writing songs about what will happen and started writing songs about what has happened, or what could have happened.  The critics will still probably call this the PSB's best album (my fave is still Please).  And it has its highpoints.  But it can make you feel unhappy.  Which is probably what makes it such a great album.  I love Being Boring (kind of acid-jazzy) and So Hard (very late-80s club a la Anything Box, Red Flag or Camouflage).  The PSB version of Where The Streets Have No Name was also released as part of this album but, like Always On My Mind and Somewhere, is not actually on the album.  This album was supported by the PSB's one and only US tour.  I saw them in LA and my brother and I snuck up to better seats and sat next to the two worst thirds of Wilson-Phillips."))
(5.0, (u'B000007QGL', u"The score of &quot;Cabaret&quot; is so well known that a new recording would seem to be redundant, but the new cast album makes even the jaded listener (me) sit up and take notice.  By cutting a couple of lousy songs (&quot;Meeskite&quot; and &quot;Why Should I Wake Up&quot;) and retaining songs written for the movie (&quot;Maybe This Time,&quot; &quot;Money,&quot; &quot;Mein Herr,&quot;) or cut from the show (&quot;I Don't Care Much&quot;), &quot;Cabaret&quot; is like a brand-new, brilliant score, taut, melodious, thrilling.  Alan Cumming's salacious MC makes you listen to his songs, and Mary Louise Wilson's&quot;What Would You Do?&quot; will raise the hair on the back of your neck.  Think you know &quot;Cabaret&quot; because you've seen the movie a zillion times?  Think again."))
(5.0, (u'B000000VKF', u"This group sounds very much like Erasure or Depeche Mode, with the lyrics being in Spanish.  I think they are from Peru or Chile.  This CD brings back a lot of memories for me; it was a very strong CD for the late80s early 90s.  Tren Al Sur is the giant hit; it sounds kind of new wavy like the Smiths or Flock of Seagulls.  Estrechez de Corazon is kind of more like Erasure.  If you like this you might like Vice Versa, Red Flag or Anything Box.  The lead singer of this group went on his own and wound up doing a buch of sappy ballads in the end, although his first solo effort was really good (look for Velocidad).  I think he was Gorge Gonzalez or something.  I can't remember now. Prisioneros were a strong group though."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LLW', u"Nice early 90s club stuff.  &quot;Think&quot; is really good.  I saw them in concert in Mexicali in support of this song.  You would have thought they were Depeche Mode the way the people received them there (around 1992 or something).  This is euro-clubby fare.  The producer and band member Paul Robb actually had worked with a lot of people on the New York freestyle sound, responsible for songs like &quot;Silent Morning&quot; by Noel. But these guys are actually out of Minneapolis or someplace.  Kind of funny.  I also saw them in 1995 and they hadn't changed one bit.  And they sounded just like they had when I saw them play with Sam Fox in 1989.  Ha.  If you like this type of thing you should check out Red Flag or Anything Box."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LND', u"Madonna has to be one of the most influental and well known artists of the 20th century. Her music is loved by all ages, all races and all kinds of people from all around the world. There is not one person on this earth who can admit to not liking a Madonna song.This greatest hits collection &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot; gives her fans and the general public an insight into her amazing musical career from the years 1983 up until 1990. While a few of her best tracks are missing from this collection &quot;Who's That Girl&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;Oh Father&quot;, the 15 greatest hits and the 2 new songs on this album will provide any music loving person with just over 75 minutes of listening bliss. Enjoy this trip, Immacaulate Colletion II coming soon (i hope!)....."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BQU', u"This is album is a singer/songwriter's delight.  Accented with sparse percussion and textural guitars, there is little to get in the way of Poe's mesmerizing voice.  The highlights for me are Blue Glass Fall, Star and Apartment.  Unfortunatley these aren't among the audio sound bite choices from Amazon, a shame (But do check out Telephhone Song and Reunion).  The imagery of this release is heavy on the masochistic tendency everyone has gone through while trying to offer life support to a dying relationship.From Blue Glass Fall:&quot;Pieces of blue glass fall the love of a fool is strong to patiently wait so long to build a bomb that won't go off&quot;I had the opportunity to see David Poe while he was touring with Tori Amos earlier this Spring.  The songs are even more impressive live.  If you get the chance check him out live."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VSY', u"Eric Carmen and The Raspberries can have no definative compilation with this few songs on it. If it has to be limited to best chart success this is it though. &quot;Hey Deanie&quot;, &quot;Change of Heart&quot;, &quot;She Did It&quot; are often excluded from compilations like this and are welcome additions. &quot;That's Rock'n'Roll&quot; is missing but is made up for with &quot;Boats Against the Current&quot;, &quot;Tonight&quot; &amp; &quot;The Way We Used To Be&quot;. The Raspberries and Eric Carmen are better served With their own best of discs. If you aren't already a fan though and want to start off with only one disc this is the one for you. But then you have to buy everything you can get your hands on from Eric and The Raspberries as they have few songs that aren't great!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003JD0', u"If you had just one CD to choose from on your desert island, this is the one.  It has a song on it for every mood.  From hard rock to pound your fists with, to ethereal instrumentation to put you in a trance.  The blues numbers on this CD are exquisite, but the Mid-Eastern-tinged songs are what makes this album really come alive.  Numerous and numerous ecclectic instruments were used to produce many of the awesome sounds:  from the Sitar, Hammered Dulcimer (Santur), Harmonium, Tamboura, Oud, Saz, Hurdy Gurdy,  and the list goes on and on and on.  Sure some of these songs resemble somewhat Led Zep's earlier work, but the mighty Zoso has never embraced Mid-Eastern music (not to mention playing the instruments) as the Tea Party has done.  This CD is definitely a must-have for those with discriminating tastes and who can acknowledge excellent song writing, beautiful lyrics, and superb, rare-these-days-for-a-rock-band musicianship."))
(5.0, (u'B000003Q50', u"This album is what Dolby fans live for, pure energy!  Thomas Dolby moves this album through a series of changes that takes each song and pushes the energy level up a notch, in succession, the album builds and builds, bringing a climax that starts at the beginning and holds you there with a majority of the album.  KEYS TO FERRARI is fun as he pulls you into the driver's seat and tells you what he REALLY thinks.  HOT SAUCE is fun, bringing the level up yet again, its zesty and has a funk to it that will move even those who dare not dance in public.  Dolby does himself justice with this album, as it looks as though he took all that musicality that flows through his body and put it into something that is difficult to replicate.  For anyone who has or has not heard Dolby, THIS IS THE ALBUM TO BUY.  If it hooks you, then get the others, but this is where to start."))
(5.0, (u'B000000DOV', u"Lonnie Pitchford's All Around Man is one of my favorite blues CD's. I keep waiting for another one to appear.  I grin every time I hear the title song; sometimes I laugh out loud.  I play it in my car as I go on sales calls; it always puts me in a good mood.His music is heartfelt;his discussion of his background is genuine, a man really driven to make music.The CD itself is well produced; good clear quality. Good arrangement and variety of numbers and the reprise of ALL Around Man is welcomed at the end-----I am only sorry that the CD is finished.  I often play it again."))
(5.0, (u'B000000E82', u"Two supremely talented steel string guitar playrers - a fantastic rhythm section - great song selection - a beautiful soprano female vocalist - the two guitarist with questionable vocal abilities but sincerity and talent to spare - Bert Jansch and John Renbourne can solo, accompany, swing, rock, compose ... when they are good they are great ... the ultimate followup piece is Bert Jansh's solo &quot;Angie&quot; - now how many fingers does he really have? ... or John Renbourne's later solo albums and collaborations with Stefan Grossman ... Pentangle had its successes - and they played  real music - no samples, syntesizers, midi drums ... real strumming, picking, banging, singing - and songs that say something (most times).  Recommended without reserve - try some of their live performance recordings for exposure to their musciality and ensemble interplay. They have been around in various forms since the mid 1960's - so there is lots to discover. For those that don't know P! ! entagle as a group or in its many divisions,  I call that good luck.  Happy listening."))
(5.0, (u'B000000ED5', u"This is one of the farewell performances of Country Joe and the Fish (and coincidentally is the same show that featured the American debut of Led Zeppelin), and as a result go out with a real bang!. The highlight of this album is undoubtedly the 38 min &quot;Donovan's Reef Jam&quot; featuring special guests Jerry Garcia, Mickey Hart, and Steve Miller. Though this is enough for any Deadhead, the rest of the album is superb. My personal favorites include the opening &quot;Rock and Soul Music&quot; jam and the sweet &quot;It's So Nice To Have Your Love&quot;. Having not heard much Country Joe music (with the exception of the Woodstock soundtrack), this album has made me an instant fan of the group. Certainly a must for any fan of San Francisco era improvisational music."))
(5.0, (u'B000000NFW', u'Anyone interested in discovering the massive changes in contemporary acoustic guitar playing perpetrated by just one man, this is the mandatory first step. Aerial Boundaries is, without doubt, the record that presented Michael Hedges to the world as the ultimate acoustic guitar visionary, stretching the limits of the instrument to accomodate his uncanny musical ideas.  I was fortunate enough to meet him on various occasions,  and to study with John Stropes, responsible for his transcription work. On such occasions, Hedges told me that, despite the fact that he felt the necessity of evolving his music, this was his most accurate attempt to revolutionize the way the acoustic guitar should sound. Without question, his best and most essential recording.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003BI1', u"This album is a great collection of depeche-mode sounding songs.  Kind of like Anything Box or Camouflage, as well.  The rhythm is very clean and sounds nice on a good system with lots of bass and treble.  The mood is pretty sorrowfull and mellowdramatic, and the beat is late 80s euro club.  This group is from San Diego.  I remember as a kid in the late 80s going to see this band perform at a small underground club in Tijuana called &quot;Paladium.&quot;  There is a song on this CD called Russian Radio that everyone here in San Diego knew the lyrics to and would sing at the clubs in Tijuana on Revolution whenever the DJ played it.  Sort of like how people all knew the lyrics to Bizarre Love Triangle or something.  This group has come out with a few albums locally over the last few years.  They are still making 80s euro disco.  It's kind of erie!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007T1A', u'I have been waiting for this CD since &quot;Urban Hang Suite&quot; dropped.  This man writes beautiful music.  My friends think I am obsessed with Maxwell, but it is very refreshing to listen to a person that can actually sing and write original music and lyrics. &quot;EMBRYA&quot; is a work of art.  You have to listen to it alone to really feel it and once you have gone through the entire CD, you are instantly hooked. Just by listening to his music you can hear how much he is into what he is singing.  Maxwell is not a one-hit artist, his music will continue long after he is gone. I will always be a fan and support any future projects that he produces. BRAVO BROTHER, YOU HAVE DONE IT AGAIN!'))
(5.0, (u'B000007T1A', u"Maxwell and Matthewman make an explosive combination! Addictive rhythms, smooth grooves, lustful lyrics. The poetry and double-entendres of Maxwell's writing sets my mind on a whirlspin of images both sensual and spiritual. &quot;Let's Drown Deep In Us&quot; is intoxicating. &quot;Submerge&quot; almost makes me cry, it's so powerful. &quot;Maybe You&quot; makes me wanna get down on my knees and propose to Maxwell! Every track is a new adventure, each one mesmerizing in it's own way. If you love Sade, Sweetback, Terence Trent D'Arby, or even Prince, you'll love Maxwell. And to think he's only just getting started! Congratulations Maxwell on your new birth!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001J27', u"Mars Lasar creates a future-world of aural landscapes that are flowing in the air of orchestral lushness or bubbling from a funky groove kicked by a rhythmic, industrial noise/ sound effects punch. Ricochet rifle shots are blended into the drum lines with other percusion sounds and they blend to rock a melody. A cleverly crafted soundscape hauntingly recalls american indian music, and a realisticly sounding indian voice tells about the great warrior and yet peaceful man,Geronimo- complete with horse hooves and naying that blend into the rhythm line. A child's lullaby emerges beautifully from the tune of a windup music box. A song about blasting into space and a cocktail lounge ditty defy the ability to conveniently label Mr. Lasar.Mars masters the unification of textile  sound and aural grace. This album has variety, beauty,conscience,power,and wisdom- all delivered with a unique melodic flare of a master electronic composer. There is a theme of futuristic doom unde! ! rlying the concept of the &quot;Eleventh Hour&quot;, but it crackles with a stubborn underlying optimism of the churchbell's gong triumphing over the electronic beep...and in some parts you can even dance to it!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000029AW', u"Aerosmith has yet to capture themselves live this well since. Hopefully, they will again soon.  &quot;Dream On&quot; even rocks on this one! The Boys were supposed to be on their way down at this point but their automatic pilots must have been working well as this vastly underrated double legnth disc has no dull spots. Recording technology wasn't what it's supposed to be now but it sounds better than CLASSICS LIVE or CLASSICS LIVE II from 10 years later. Aerosmith is still by far the baddest band on the planet but when they made this disc they were everything your mamma worned you about a rock'n'roll band and then some!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000633N', u"An over-the-top symphonic disco-romp called &quot;Left To My Own Devices&quot; finds Neil Tennant reading from the diary of a struggling party animal.  In the next room, legendary Chicago House pioneer Frankie Knuckles makes a producer cameo on &quot;I Want A Dog&quot; while in another room Miami-pop legend Lewis Martinee (of Expose fame) lends his talents to the brassy, latin and vacation-esque Domino Dancing.  On the patio a housy remix of the boys' hit &quot;Always On My Mind&quot; glides into the celebration of &quot;It's Alright.&quot;  Outside in the night our tragic hero disappears into insincere streets full of lying actors and barking dogs on &quot;I'm Not Scared.&quot;  The boys leave the playful freedom of the 80s to return with regretful retrospecitve glances on the LP Behaviour."))
(5.0, (u'B000006DH5', u"'not close enough for you/ to hear a breath or steal a sigh/ but just close enough for me/ to take a step and pass you by', 'Nerve'.I bought this album two months ago, in the midst of an emotional crisis. The music delivered the perfect soundtrack. Katatonia's 'Discouraged Ones' was album of the month in two of the leading european underground magazines. This is not the sound of grand gothic tragedy. This is the sound of denial, isolation, emotional decay and discouragement, as was fittingly stated. I myself have never encountered a band which managed to create such a sound and atmosphere with guitars only. It is full of emotional suffering and misery, yet it is intense and powerful at the same time.  The singer sometimes sounds like The Cure's frontman Robert Smith, and the texts fall in the same category as those of Joy Division, although less cryptical. Take this excerpt from the last song on the album, 'Distrust': 'I want to be forgotten/ I want you to forgive/ ! !  how I'm losing all this/ it's just the way I live' The music itself is an intriguing mixture of alternative, doom, a bit of goth rock and a small amount of grunge. The songs are structured in a straightforward and uncomplicated manner, as the impact of the music and the sound demand no complicated song-writing. The accompanying booklet has all the texts within, and the artwork is of high quality and is most fitting. It is not an album for shiny, happy people or music to listen to whilst doing the dishes. Far more it is a most rewarding album for friends of earnest music and for people of deep emotions. The album is a statement from the depressive downside of 90ies zeitgeist. It made my heart throb and the hair on my neck stand up. If you love The Cure and Joy Division and are looking for something equal to these groups in a contemperary style, then Katatonia are the best choice. This band has the potential to be the next big thing in the underground."))
(5.0, (u'B000006ST4', u'In a time when anthologys and collections are common place it is refresing to stumble upon a release of this great stature. The Be Bop Deluxe faithfull will not be disappointed with &quot;Air Age&quot; as it contains all the old time worn favorites. Listening again to Bill Nelsons guitar soar on &quot;crying to the sky&quot; and &quot;axe victim&quot; or strafe with &quot;fair exchange&quot; and &quot;love with the madman&quot; is as close as one can come to time travel without booking fare with one Mr.H.G.Wells. All the best material from the bands 5 studio releases are featured here as well as several previously unreleased selections.&quot;Air age anthology&quot; is a bargain for the price, a must for collectors and two hours of pure listining joy.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002JDL', u"Heavy into this band for four years and when this CD came out in June/July '97, instantly blown away!  Far different than their previous masterpieces, it is a bold step in the right direction of rock music.  You just cannot compare this to anything right now.  Whoever compares this treasure to Led Zep/Doors needs to get their head examined.  It takes a few listens to absorb all the genius packed in only ~45 or so minutes of material, but it will quickly be your most overplayed CD this year.  But if you think this recorded stuff is great, experiencing this band live is the ultimate high!  It's weird but you can be put in a trance one moment, and then the next moment, you'll want to mosh in the biggest pit to kick some serious arse!  Why this band is so unknown in the States is a travesty.  But then again, last Dec., I was able to see them in a small bar in Portland w/less than 100 people!  If you have DSS or Digital Cable, watch MuchMusic (Canadian MTV) and perhaps you'l! ! l see some live performances.  The Tea are not the most radio friendly, but then again, who wants them mainstream anyway?"))
(5.0, (u'B000008USI', u"Only two albums, and then a DOUBLE live set?--It works, better than most live albums you've heard or will ever hear.  The first disc is mostly acoustic, and the second is mostly electric.  The acoustic versions are particularly haunting.  Hearing Angels of The Silences acoustic on disc one and then full-band on disc two is an interesting contrast.  I've seen the band twice.  The first time was when they were opening for Cracker.  As with the live sets of the greatest performers, there is no way to *fully* capture the energy and emotion on disc, but as happens with the best live albums, this one comes as close as is possible.  By the way, (and Vin Scelsa's listeners in NYC know what I'm talking about) don't stop disc one after Anna Begins.  Trust me."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J09', u"If i were to put one Rock album in a time capsule to save for future generations, Led Zep IV would be the one. Not only does it contain their signiture song, which turned on a generation (does anyone remember laughter?), but it showed the band at its most extreem. The hymn like &quot;Stairway&quot; is balanced by the pile driver &quot;When the levee breaks&quot;. The rolling, hippie tribute &quot;Misty mountain hop&quot; is countered with the hard rock bite of &quot;Black Dog&quot;. and then there is &quot;Rock n Roll&quot;, and the haunting duet &quot;Battle of Evermore&quot;All in all, i'd say this is arguably the greatest rock album of all time, and certainly the apogee of the mighty Zeppelin's flight."))
(5.0, (u'B000002V21', u"This is one of those &quot;desert-island discs&quot;; the imaginary collection of your favorite genres of music you'd want with you if you were stranded on a desert island.  In contrast with the classics, the party music, the pop-chart toppers.....Four Calendar Cafe etches an ethereal mark in the annals of serious and beautiful music.  It touches and torments, plays and perturbes.  It has highs and lows, different keys, different meters, but every track is consistenly produced and layered with the most intoxicating swirling guitars and Liz Frazier's angelic voice.  It's music to drive to, music to lay on the beach at night.....music to reflect. It is the epitome of smoothness and elegance.  So, pick up Four Calenday Cafe, and mellow out."))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q8J', u"This is a stunning release from Lucinda, better than we might have expected after all the trouble she went through to get it right. It's the first worthy successor to Graham Parson's &quot;Grevious Angel.&quot; Like a great novel or poem, the album's sense of &quot;place&quot; is inspired. This is an album about the South, and as its highly evocative title suggests, Lucinda's art will take you there. Every song and sound is loaded with sensory nuance. It's a stunning achievement becuase it is so subtle and &quot;simple.&quot; You could play this album forever and not tire of it or hear all it has to say. At least, I'm planning to find out."))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q8J', u"If every true artist has one Mona Lisa or one Sistine Chapel in them, then Carwheels on a Gravel Road is Lucinda William's.  From what I've read this album has taken a long and difficult road to get to us.  Lucinda wanted this record to be as near to perfection as possible and it is.  The vocals, the instrumentation, the backup vocals, all blend to make an album you listen to again and again and marvel each time at finding something new.  Nothing is done to excess, the economy of effort is outstanding.  This should be the breakthrough album of Lucinda William's career."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ALN', u"I'VE BEEN A GEORGE MICHAEL FAN FOR A LONG TIME NOW (AT LEAST 12 YEARS) AND I CAN HONESTLY SAY THAT THIS IS ONE  OF THE BEST ALBUMS I'VE PICKED UP IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS.  IT'S SOOTHING. IT'S MELLOW, BUT MOST OF ALL IT'S THERAPEUTIC FOR THE SOUL.  IT'S THE TYPE OF ALBUM YOU CAN LISTEN TO WHEN UNWINDING OR FACING SOME TOUGH DECISIONS IN LIFE.  FROM JESUS TO A CHILD TO SPIN THE WHEEL (MY PERSONAL FAVORITE)  ALL THE WAY TO FREE IS A TRIP INSIDE THIS HIGHLY UNDERRATED SONGWRITERS ACHY SOUL.  I JUST HOPE THAT HIS NEXT ALBUM TAKES US TO YET AN EVEN DIFFERENT LEVEL.  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GEORGE LIKE THE SONG SAYS YOU HAVE BEEN LOVED.  LONG TIME FAN  GOD1211"))
(5.0, (u'B000005GYB', u"Rose &amp; Charcoal combines all of the finest elements of Marisa's talents as well as those which make MPB (Musica Popular Brasiliera) one of the finest musical forms on the planet.Marisa has orchestrated a winning line-up to put this release together. From Carlinhos Brown's songwriting to Arto Lindsay's production this is a top caliber recording.The opening track, Maria de Verdade is absolutely spellbinding. Starting off slow and seductive then moving onto the powerful and emotive chorus. These terraced dynamics continue to make this one of Marisa's most memorable interpretations.The second track, Na Estrada (on the road), is a pure pop delight. If it weren't for the lack of mainstream acceptance of non-english lyrics, this song could have easily been a top 10 hit in the US.Start to finish, this is Marisa's finest effort to date. I would consider it one of my all-time favorite recordings. It is the type that you can listen to over and over and still find ! ! something new and interesting each time."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ZS5', u"&quot;Les Chants Magnetiques&quot;, or &quot;Magnetic Fields&quot;, as it is sometimes known, is a marvelous record, incorporating vigorous movement together with quiet spaces, and blending them seamlessly. Along with the music, there are sections of everyday sounds that remain obscure enough to tantalize your imagination (is it a shopping mall? was that a subway station?). The effect is of switching from the everyday to the musically unique, and perhaps of seeing one as an extension of the other. Note the specific use of MACHINE sounds in contrast to the more natural sounds found on some of Jarre's other works. This tends to place certain interpretations on the record's title (or vice-versa?). Modern life needs its machines and its magnetic fields just as much as Jarre himself does. But the record isn't all serious. The great mambo at the end is a light-hearted ending to an unforgettable record."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GNX', u"This CD (which i got used for $7.99) had to be the greatest deal ever.  The environments that each song creates are so visual and relaxing that you feel as though you are in some cinematic scene blending in.  Rodney Yates is a mellow, jazzy song that makes me want to get up and join Uma on the dance floor.  While Slasher's Revenge sounds like a John Carpenter themed horror film at the beginning and then mutates into a shimmering piece of electronica.  Freaknik blows up just like its title explains and flows in a seismic fashion  throughout.  Why anyone would sell this CD back is a complete mystery to me.  Please don't die just yet Holmes."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ETD', u"i don't know Laura Love's previous recording, but I understand she has been associated with folk, bluegrass and gospel traditions. I find this CD very satisfying in terms of it's more modern funk, soul and pop sounds.Laura's slap style electric bass playing and arranging on numerous tunes is fluid and rapid, and nothing close to traditional sounding (unless your tradition is Bootsy Collins, Sly Stone or Victor Wooten). And her voice is really interesting, sweet and unclassifiable.. forget Amazon's reviewer's comparison to Tracy Chapman or Odetta, as Laura's register is much higher and her inflections much less gospel/folk-like. Also, her lyrics on &quot;Bad Feeling&quot; and elsewhere are really funny, and not very &quot;traditional&quot;. She does offer &quot;Amazing Grace,&quot; but you can skip it and move on to some really modern, unique, original things. And she blows away Nirvana's version of &quot;Come as You Are.&quot; Really brilliant stuff."))
(5.0, (u'B000002O66', u"Americans who haven't heard The Tragically Hip don't know what they are missing.  In Canada, the release of a new Hip album is almost a religious experience - for Henhouse, people lined up at midnight to buy copies.  One music store I go to said they sell more copies of a new Hip album than they do of anything else except Pink Floyd - about 450 copies per week.  I didn't think much of the Hip until I thought I should give them a listen because they are from my hometown.  But from the first words of &quot;Blow at High Dough&quot;, I was hooked: They made a movie once / In my hometown / Out at the speedway / Some kind of Elvis (eighties?) thing / Everyone was in it, for miles around / Oh, I ain't no movie star / But I can get behind anything&quot; - blam, amazing guitar sound and they are off. The key to the Hip IMHO is Gord Downie.  He is a poet, rocker, mystic in the tradition of Jim Morrison.  The Hip's songs just aren't like other rock bands - musically a little maybe! !  but the lyrics are so cool.  From New Orleans is Sinking: &quot;I've got my hands in the river, my feet up on the banks, look up at the lord above and say Hey, Man, thanks&quot;  In a world of corporate rock and people who still get away with moon-June-spoon lyrics, Gord Downie comes across as a man possessed, a rock 'n roll visionary.  I just hope he doesn't have any suicidal tendencies, because the world needs more Hip!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002WT6', u"This is classic music with tunes everyone hums to without knowing where it came from.  I like this version best probably because the vocalists are easier to listen to.  The only regret I have is the absence of 2 songs, &quot;No Way To Stop It&quot; and &quot;An Ordinary Couple.&quot;  They are not the greatest songs in the world, but it would have been nice to give a song to the baroness and hear more of Christopher Plummer(does he do his own singing?)  The choir sections are outstanding.  If there's anything more beautiful than beautiful it's a Women's Choir who love what their doing.  This is a great CD to own but the movie itself is &quot;a must have.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002Q5G', u"Anyone who is a fan of Aretha Franklin knows that the lady can sing any genre of music and give it her own soulful and passionate style, but gospel is where her voice is most at home.  This collection of gospel treasures from her teen years is absolutely amazing.  Even the most avid Aretha fans would be shocked by the sheer power and emotion that she possessed even at the age of 14.  Grab a box of Kleenex and sit back for a real treat...... After listening to this CD you will have no doubt in your mind why Aretha Franklin holds the title of Queen of Soul.  I guaruntee that Aretha's intense readings of these spirituals, her brief breaks into moaning and the responding of the congregation will move you and give you a new RESPECT for Lady Soul."))
(5.0, (u'B000003MVT', u"This review is probably 3-4 years late but I will do it anyway because this a CD that should be heard widely.  This interesting and talented Canadian group has somehow fallen through the cracks between niches in the music industry.  Thanks to KMTT &quot;The Mountain&quot;, in Seattle, I discovered and purchased the CD.  No other station that I knew of gave it any play, as it seemed only to fit KMTT's so-called &quot;eclectic&quot; format.  It certainly isn't alternative, or hard rock, or classic rock, or adult contemporary.  So what is it?  It is something like bluesy-country-rock.  Jim Cuddy and Greg Keelor write excellent, cliche'free lyrics, in a simple poetic style.  They certainly pay tribute to Neil Young, especially in the guitar solo in the last half of &quot;Five Days in May&quot;.  It sounds like the eclectic master himself, grunging away on &quot;Blackie&quot;, his trademark electric guitar.  It is more than just that, however. Some fine ballads are also here! ! , heart-tugging and melodious; reminiscent of Don McLean and Don Henley. In fact, on &quot;Till I Can Gain Control Again&quot;, written by Rodney Crowell, I am reminded of the sweet sadness of Poco, on Gram Parsons'  &quot;Brass Buttons&quot;, and J.J. Cale's &quot;Magnolia&quot;, from their Crazy Eyes album.  If Garth Brooks recorded Keelor and Cuddy's &quot;Bad Timing&quot; he could look forward to adding to his Grammy collection.  It brings to mind the poignant tone Brooks achieved with &quot;The Dance&quot;, at once sad and optimistic, revealing a man bloodied yet unbowed by a past relationship.  It is the type of song everyone who has ever had a failed relationship (which is to say everyone!) can relate to.  I must hasten to add, however, that not every failed relationship inspires these guys to write a sad song.  There is the comically chagrined tone of &quot;Photograph&quot;, about a would-be damsel in distress who fleeces both money and clothes after a night of solace ! ! in a rented room.  From this mood, one is plunged--quite ha! ppily--into the mystically introspective and often somber &quot;What Is This Love&quot;, featuring Sarah McLachlan on supporting vocals and beautiful cello work by Anne Bourne.  McLachlan also appears as vocalist and pianist on &quot;Dark Angel&quot;, and Tell Me Your Dream&quot;, both of which have a lovely yet haunting feel.  I must add that I can claim no authority in offering this review.  I am neither journalist nor critic by either training or profession.  Rather, I am a lover of a wide range of music, who has obviously fallen unabashedly in love with this CD.  I have introduced it to 7-8 other people and they shared this response:  None had heard of it, and all liked it immediately, and liked it more the more they heard it.  I could imagine Jakob Dylan loving it if he heard it; likewise Bonnie Raitt or Jackson Browne or Don Henley or Tom Petty or Bob Seger, to name only a few more than I should.  Please listen to these guys and you will love them as much as I, a few hun! ! dred other Americans, and maybe a few thousand Canadians do."))
(5.0, (u'B000003N5P', u"Contrary to Mr. Himes' reviews of this title and &quot;10-cent Wings,&quot; I find &quot;Plumb&quot; the more accomplished of Brooke's two records.  Listeners should start here for a sense of the variety of styles Brooke can employ on her records.Brooke's voice may be somewhat &quot;thin&quot;--certainly her voice isn't the main attraction here--but it seems a perfect match with the subject matter of her songs.  On her best songs (&quot;Paris&quot; is the tale of a French woman who consorted with a German officer during the Occupation; &quot;Full-Fledged Strangers&quot; a meditation on the distances we create between ourselves and others; &quot;West Point&quot; a reflection on a representative moment in a doomed relationship), her voice seems to capture character nuances that would be lost with a more silky-voiced singer.  And, considering the tradition of singer/songwriters and the allowances listeners make, Brooke is one of the better voices.  Jennifer Kimball's ab! ! sence is felt, but it's not a bad thing necessarily; the pretty harmonies of the Story's recordings sometimes lessened the raw emotional impact of a song.Anyway, an extraordinary record recommended without reservation."))
(5.0, (u'B000003Z69', u"'Fairytales of Slavery' is probably Miranda Sex Garden's most rocking recording to date, should they ever bring out a successor. They are not everyones cup of tea, as they are difficult to listen to and are musically quite demanding, but this speaks only for the high quality of music and sound. I remember them having a hard time as opening act of Depeche Mode's last european tour a few years back, but the guys from Depeche Mode know good music, the reason why they chose Miranda amongst others. It is difficult to describe Miranda's style. The vocals are gracefully female, in a classical sense, so they do not sound like Alanis Morrisette but more like Dead Can Dance or Cocteau Twins.  The music explores the more intense and passionate aspects of people involved with the darker and more passionate sides of love and sex, hence also the fitting title. The guitars are not the dominating aspect, but violins and a driving rhythm section, especially on their songs 'cut' and 'pee! ! p show', last of these being one of my all time favourites.  It is certainly not gothic, but far beyond that musical category. The music and atmosphere on the album are far to grown up and mature to be confused with that kind of sound. Miranda Sex Garden are certainly an arty band, but this fact can certainly not be used as a reproach. It is music for serious listeners, who can appreciate this highlight. It is not for people having only a shallow taste in music and it is intended even less so for a superficial audience. All in all, it is an album I admire and respect, as well as love to listen to."))
(5.0, (u'B000005JXG', u"If you've never heard the Pogues, this is THE place to start. Much has been said about their blend of Irish Folk music, Rock and Punk, but what all of the blathering amounts to is this: This is the finest album to swill copious amounts of liquor to on the planet. Shane MacGowan is, in this poor proles estimation, the finest and most HUMAN of the poets of the twentieth century. The fact that the backdrop to Shane's beautiful lyrics happens to be the most toe-tapping, vibrant, and downright beautiful blend of instruments and instrumentalists sometimes makes little difference. When you're shouting out &quot;Let EM Go, Boys!&quot; at the top of your drunk lungs at three in the morning, don't say you weren't warned. The most infectuous and brilliant piece of literature and, simultaneously, symphony, is but one click away. ORDER THIS WITH YOUR LAST 20 DOLLARS AND SAVE YOUR SOUL."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S08', u'Timelessness sometimes transfixes music, bringing the listener into a different zone of consciousness, and that is what this album does. After 20 years of listening to Moonmadness and most other Camel compositions, the work is still alive and fresh. The music has not aged and grown stale, like so much from the 70s era of overblown melodies and confused progressions. At times, this album rocks then, against a backdrop of flutes, saxes, and an ephemeral mix of guitar and keyboards, it rolls into an exotic slumber that despite its haunting tempo -- &quot;Nothing Stops the River As It Flows By&quot; -- does not become maudlin or filled with musical cliches. Buy Camel albums and enrich your life. -- Richard McCormack, Annandale, VA'))
(5.0, (u'B000003FJT', u"Many who only know Patti LuPone as &quot;Evita&quot; should take a listen to this spectacular two-disc record of her one-woman show.  While Cole Porter and Kurt Weill are fairly represented, the much anticipated 'theatre section' of the concert is what truly thrills.  LuPone's soaring vibrato fills each song with almost more feeling than the lyrics can handle, most impressively on &quot;I Dreamed A Dream&quot;, &quot;Sleepy Man&quot;, and, of course, her signatures &quot;Meadowlark&quot; and &quot;Don't Cry For Me Argentina&quot;.  The patter is also informative and cozy, revealing with self-deprecating humor many musical theatre experiences for us diehard fans.  All in all, this is a must for any fan of musical theatre, the excitement of live recordings, and mostly of one of the great voices of the century.  There is simply no substitute for Patti LuPone live...or recorded."))
(5.0, (u'B000007TE8', u"Pubescents the world over inwardly heard peals of heavenly music in 1986, for delivered into their laps was a raunchy rap album seemingly produced by the heavens themselves. &quot;License to Ill,&quot; a toxic blend of rap, rock, and sampling, was thrown together by three guys who were barely post-pubescents themselves. It was loud, rambunctious, and ingeniously accessible.12 years, three studio albums, and an innumerable number of concerts later, the Beastie Boys have released what is quite likely thier finest album. Although they evolved beyond beer-swilling misogyny long ago, they haven't forgotten their sonic roots: &quot;Hello Nasty&quot; contains echos of the bass-n-beats style they brought to the masses. The odious punk blitzes and trippy musical meanderings of &quot;Ill Communication&quot; are conspicuously absent here, save a track or two. Also absent is the lyrical preaching; at one point MCA says you'll never see him in a commercial, but for the most part ! ! &quot;Hello Nasty&quot; is the Beastie Boys doing what they've always done best: talking about how great they are, waxing about world peace, and inserting nifty samples (courtesy of turntable phenom Mix Master Mike)  into the mix. Think &quot;Paul's Boutique&quot; with a little &quot;Check Your Head&quot; thrown in for good measure.&quot;Hello Nasty&quot; is 22 tracks' worth of great rap peppered by the occasional aural experiment. The Beasties have simply and effectively nullified the hype surrounding this album in one fell swoop; it is simultaneously behind and beyond all critical expectations."))
(5.0, (u'B00000017R', u'"Great companion to "Getz/Gilberto". Pure Samba without singers.Charlie Byrd went to Brazil and heard the then unknown Antonio Carlos Jobim. He played Jobim records for Stan Getz, they got Keter Betts and two drummers went to All Soul\'s Unitarian Church in DC, and created the first Bossa Nova, Samba record in the US -  a monster hit with "Desafinado". It changed America, and Jazz forever. For a decade every Jazz player tried to imitate it. The best selling Jazz CD of the decade, that\'s how good it is. A number one Hit of the Billboard Jazz, Pop and Rock charts at the same time. No other Jazz album, not other album of any type, not even "Kind of Blue", even "Getz /Gilberto", has ever achieved that.Listen to subtle polyrhythym drumming from Deppenschmidt & Riechenbach which add an authentic Carnivale touch. There is more traditional Samba polyrhythm on this CD than any of the subsequent Getz Bossa Nova CD\'s and most BN cd\'s by subsequent artists who tried to capitalize om the BN craze. Hear this on "E Luxo So".Stan floats and soars in "Desafinado" (Portuguese for "offkey"), "E Luxo So" and "Bahia". Most authentic Brazilian Getz Samba recording.Hear Stan make each note 3-Dimensional blue fog note count."Beautiful!, Lyrical!! Soaring!!! One of the ten best Jazz recordings ever made."from my 1998 review2006 updateYes it\'s true, as wonderful a sax man as Getz was, and I think he was the best, he was cheap. He got all the credit and most of the money for this album and he and Byrd fought over the rights to it for a decade in the courts.Nevertheless its\' wonderful. - maybe that\'s why they foughtThis CD is a perennial favorite that never grows old.Jobim had admired Getz Cool, melancholy Sound for a decade and had actually modeled his new toned down, slowed down Samba sound, called "Bossa Nova", on the Getz sound before they even met!For people who like Bossa Nova but don\'t like Astrud Gilberto\'s singing on "Getz/Gilberto", this is the ideal album.see my list of Best Cool albums and Best Getz.Highest recommendation! I hope that when I eventually die, (no time soon) at my funeral someone will play the soaring, always happy "E Luxo So" to send me on my way!'))
(5.0, (u'B0000064DY', u"I have been a fan of Cold Meat Industry recordings for quite some time now, simply due to the fact that I know of no other label which brings out such a spectrum of sincerely dark music. The music ranges from agonizingly beautiful neo-classical arrangements ('Arcana', for instance) to agonizingly cruel and brutal death industrial ('Brighter Death Now'). In between we find dark/ black ambient acts such as 'Raison d'etre', even a combination of apocalyptic folk and ambient industrial, namely the deeply occult 'Ordo Equilibrio'. From inserting one of the cd's into your cd player till its end, you will find yourself confronted with a different reality. This double cd sampler gives a nearly complete overview of the bands featured on CMI, and comes exquisitely packaged in a gatefold digipack, including two full colour booklets, one describing the bands and the other describing the history of CMI. This is a sampler for people who wear black not just because it is a fad, but be! ! cause of true, deep intent. It is a must buy and deserves a place in each cd-shelf."))
(5.0, (u'B000006NMX', u"Thomas Newman is a genius film composer and ranks right up with the other legendary film composers of this century. The film &quot;The Horse Whisperer&quot; is one of the finest soundtracks to come out in a long time. Its simple pure arrangements are woven so beautifully together that it turns this film into one of the finest tapestries on the screen. I don't know if Thomas Newman's talent is genetic or learned, but my guess would be both. The score is one that had a lot of deep thought go into it. It always complements and never calls attention to itself. It is quiet, silent, and forceful. It has depth and in my opinion it's a masterpiece. Like Tom booker, the main character from the Horse Whisperer, who understands and can 'dance' with horses, Thomas Newman understands this film has been imbued with its spirit."))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"This is definitely not a typical album. Not in a time when bands like Third Eye Blind and Matchbox 20 come to mind at the thought of &quot;alternative&quot; music. Perhaps that is why it has received so many harsh reviews. It is definitely not what people expected as a follow-up to &quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness&quot;, a double-album that featured over-driven guitars and angst-filled screams. But the real fans saw this one coming. The Pumpkins promised fans even before the release of &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; that there would not be another album like any of the previous Pumpkin albums. Why? Because that would go against what the band is all about. Going against the grain. Destroying and taking over the mainstream. They succeeded before, and, in my opinion, succeeded again.  Being by far the most mature Pumpkins album, &quot;Adore&quot; captures the sensitivity and love that many did not see before in Billy Corgan (although I can't understand why not, af! ! ter hearing so many sweet songs of his before). It captures the listener from the beginning and drags them along for a smooth ride. Although &quot;Adore&quot; may not be as loud as prior albums, it still rocks at certain points. It doesn't have the feel of a rock album, though. &quot;Adore&quot; goes far beyond that. It is a unique gem in the Pumpkins collection, and it should please the fans (although a few will be disappointed, no doubt).  While a person might not fall in love with &quot;Adore&quot; after one listen, it is not because it lacks quality. It is because &quot;Adore&quot; is by far the most advanced album that has been released to date. I applaud Billy Corgan, James Iha, and D'arcy for another spectacular achievement that will hopefully get the recognition that it deserves. As suggested in the song &quot;Apells and Oranjes&quot;, the Pumpkins were &quot;diggin' for the feel of something new.&quot; It looks like they struck oil."))
(5.0, (u'B000006SPU', u"It's too bad that the only people who will read this review are those who are already familiar with &quot;Everyone is Everybody Else.&quot; I have worn this record album out, having played it so often over the past 20 years, and yet I am still mesmerized by this utmost work of art. It's too bad BJH got so little attention in the United States. Had this album been discovered here, every melodic, perfectly crafted song on it would be considered a classic, known in the same way we know so many Beatles and Simon and Garfunkel songs -- it is that good. This album is Barclay James Harvest's finest work, done before the band got infatuated with itself and its overly ambitious -- and disappointing -- orchestral work. With a deep foundation in the blues, &quot;Everyone is Everybody Else&quot; is one of the few Barclay James Harvest records that has stood the test of time, the other being &quot;Time Honoured Ghosts,&quot; which is of equal merit. --Richard McCormack"))
(5.0, (u'B000006T4S', u"Buy this CD for your children,  but you'll end up enjoying it thoroughly yourself...  These songs will form the basis of many happy sing-alongs. The kids will only realize later in life that hidden among the truly magical animal songs and humorous banter were some very adult themes including environmental concerns, adulterous  behavior, and political commentary.Flanders and Swann set up their &quot;do it yourself authors benefit&quot; in a London theator in the late '50's,  and ended up touring the world with their &quot;At the Drop of a Hat&quot; and &quot;At the Drop of Another Hat&quot; revues.  They also released an album of quirky but charming animal songs suitable for any lover of music or humor.My original albums are worn out,  and I am extremely pleased to see that the complete works have finally been released on CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000009DI1', u"The Velvel reissue of MUSWELL HILLBILLIES has well been worth the wait. The sound is outstanding(surprisingly,this reissue tops the Rhino cd issued earlier in the decade). The bonus tracks, although they don't add anything significant to the album, are interesting nonetheless. In particular, it is surprising that the beautiful KENTUCKY MOON never made the cut for another Kinks album. The only additions that would have made this reissue more interesting would have been the inclusion of demos for the songs on MUSWELL. One of the most interesting things about the bonus track APEMAN from LOLA earlier in the year, was the contrast between the demo and the final album version.Definitely one of THE classic rock albums and one of the last nearly flawless albums the Kinks would make. Although EVERYBODY'S IN SHOWBIZ and PRESERVATION were both interesting and accomplished albums, they lacked overall focus and depth of MUSWELL HILLBILLIES.Though there is no doubt that future! !  Kinks albums would have moments echoing the greatness of this work(and previous ones as well), none of them would be as consistent(or immune from  market pressures like the Arista albums of the 70's)."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HNN', u"Glen Hansard,sadly may be more recognisable to many as outspan foster from&quot; the commitments&quot;.This shouldn't be as the Alan Parker film is not his  finest moment, brillant and all that it was. Glen's crowning glory to date has to be &quot;fitzcarraldo&quot;.The album named after Werner Herzog's film of the same name.The album if you forgive the pun is truly outspanding.I think it's the best album by an Irish band ever.stand out tracks include &quot;revelate&quot;,&quot;fitzcarraldo&quot;,&quot;say it to me now&quot;and &quot;monument&quot;,however the finest moment on the album has to be the closing track &quot;your face&quot;.The album was remixed and sadly lost some of the live feel of the original.however they did drop &quot;Roger&quot; for &quot;evergreen&quot; and gave &quot;your face&quot;a track of it's own,it had being a hidden track on the original.so now it's finest moment is more accessible ! This is a truly excellent album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HRE', u"Some people said that Metallica had gone soft; boy, were they ever wrong.  &quot;ReLoad&quot; in fact restates the well-known fact that Metallica is the king of heavy metal, and maybe all of rock and roll.  Personally, I believe that Metallica has survived so long in Heavy Metal because they make music, while other heavy metal bands get out what they want to say, having no musical integrity whatsoever.  &quot;ReLoad&quot; opens with &quot;Fuel&quot;, a high-energy track with Lars Ulrich keeping his perfect beat, Kirk Hammett soloing on lead guitar, and James Hetfield belting out the lyrics &quot;Gimme fuel, gimme fire, gimme that which I desire..&quot; in his famous voice.  &quot;Fuel&quot; is followed by &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, featuring Marianne Faithful with her vocal contributions.  &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; is next, beginning with a killer Jason Newsted bass solo.  Track 4 is &quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;, where Metallica uses the title as a double-meaning! ! : both as a sequel to &quot;the Unforgiven&quot; in &quot;Metallica: Metallica&quot;, and as the statement &quot;Because you're Unforgiven, too!&quot;  This not only shows Metallica's musical brilliance, but their talent in lyrics, as well.  The CD continues from there on, with such hits as &quot;Better Than You&quot;, &quot;Slither&quot;, and a slowed-down, accoustic played &quot;Low Man's Lyric&quot;.  My personal favorite on this CD is the unknown song &quot;Attitude&quot;, track #12, which simply states that sometimes you have do things your own way, right or wrong, to get the job done.  In conclusion, I definately recommend &quot;Fuel&quot;, by Metallica, as a CD any fan should own.  It will not only make you a bigger fan than you are, but will make you want to rush out and get the CDs that you do not own yet, like I did.  Metallica is king, for their &quot;Memory Remains.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000007NAY', u"This is one of the Estafan's best works yet. THe songs have a &quot;retro&quot; feel with lots of upbeat music reminising of the &quot;disco&quot; era but with some modern touches. I particularly liked tracks 1-5-7-8. If you like dance music, you will definetely like these tracks.I was also impressed with the lyrics of the songs, the messages are very strong and deep. This new CD, if there was any doubt, proves of the fantastic talent in the Estefan family, not only can she sing, but she is also, along with her husband, talented writers, composers and producers.There is also a very emotional song about her heritage, &quot;Cuba Libre&quot;, however, this may not mean much to those not familiar with the particular plight of the Cuban people.I bought the CD the first day it was out and have not stop listening it for one day...."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NDA', u"The Barenaked's, as their loyal fans will refer to them, finally are hitting the bigtime after three previous studio releases. Stunt is their best work since their 1992 major label debut, Gordon, and the first single, &quot;One Week&quot;, is only a glimpse of how the Ladies can combine emotion, goofiness, and somewhat twisted thoughts like no other band.  On &quot;I'll Be That Girl&quot;, frontman Steve Page sings, in a happy voice, &quot;If I had a gun, there'd be no tomorrow&quot;.  On &quot;In the Car&quot;, Page relates his teenage sexual experimentation in the same manner. Five songs later he's singing a doting-father type song, reminiscent of John Lennon's &quot;Beautiful Boy&quot;, called &quot;What Do You Dream?&quot;.  The other frontman of the group, Ed Robertson, contributes more lighthearted lyrics with some hints of intellectualism with them, on his turns taking the lead vocals.  The poppy, amazingly catchy &quot;Never Is Enough&quot; finds Robertson voici! ! ng his disillusionment with traditional Gen-X rites of passage. &quot;Who Needs Sleep?&quot; is textbook Ladies, as Robertson sings of insomnia and distress in the sack with a catchy tune to back it up. But most importantly, the Ladies music is nonpareil, with their smooth blend of rock, folk, and pure pop, and riffs that'll have you humming the tunes for days.  Definitely, along with Dave Matthews, the flag-bearers of a new wave of great music finally hitting mainstream America."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NGR', u"Those who know Jacques Loussier from his Play Bach Trio, where he imparts a highly personal touch to the music of J. S. Bach, may have been surprised when he attacked Antonio Vivaldi's Four Seasons last year. Now he has taken another unexpected turn with Erik Satie, Gymnop&eacute;dies and Gnossiennes.This development may be seen as a kind of progression from the strict logic - albeit eminently suited to improvisation - of Bach through the more expressionistic Vivaldi to Satie, the most impressionistic of these three composers. On the face of it, Satie is perhaps easier to interpret in a jazz idiom since the original music is closer to the forms of modern jazz than that of Bach and Vivaldi. But Loussier produces an equally masterful interpretation in all cases, maintaining an exquisite balance between his own invention and the essence of the original music. Although this record carries the sub-title `Compositions of Jacques Loussier on Themes of Erik Satie', the compositions! !  are at all times recognisably Satie as much as they are Loussier. The technical showmanship associated with many of Loussier's Bach interpretations, and indeed with his Vivaldi, is here exchanged for a gentleness that pervades most of the music on the disc. The mastery of the keyboard is still there, of course, but appears more as musical expression than agility and brilliance. Andr&eacute; Arpino on drums complements Loussier's piano as always with sensitive and imaginative percussion, while Benoit Dunoyer de Segonzac, new to the trio on bass, shows himself a worthy member of the group.If you know and love Loussier, buy this disc. If you know and love Satie, buy this disc. And if you don't know either, buy the disc anyway - it is one of the greats."))
(5.0, (u'B000007O7B', u"Barry's done a number of good scores for the James Bond movies.  He's also done some that were mediocre to just plain bad.  Not so for his last soundtrack for the series, a truly amazing piece of work that bears relistening.  The instrumental work for the Pretenders' &quot;Where Has Everybody Gone?&quot; is superb, as are the more romantic &quot;If There Was a Man&quot; melodies.  a-ha's title song is ho-hum but is used to good effect a couple of times.  Indeed, it is one of the last Bond soundtracks to utilize instrumentals of the title track.  It is one of Barry's best scores, and I'm glad he made this one his last effort.  He will be missed."))
(5.0, (u'B000000WJO', u"The movie was crap (especially the ending) but the CD is excellent.  UB40's reggae version of the Elvis ballad begins the CD.  Highlights include Enigma's erie  &quot;Carly's Song&quot;.  Fluke's &quot;Slid&quot; is kind of a techno meets rasta deal.  Lords of Acid have a versy sexy techno track called &quot;The Most Wonderful Girl&quot;.  An early Verve song called &quot;Star Sail&quot; is on here.  The two best songs of the CD are Massive Attacks wickedly touching &quot;Unfinished Sympathy&quot;, kind of a shuffly vibe-y sleaze song with nice drum machine tick to it.  And then Neneh Cherry's &quot;Move With Me&quot;, which is a softer more emotional side of the hip-hopstress.  She actually has a very good voice and can sing well!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y4M', u"ALL of the songs are fun, entergetic, and the they get you pumped up.  I recently went to the K-Rock-Athon, and saw Smash Mouth in the concert.  They were the closing band, and the BEST band, out of all the other ten bands which included Third Eye Blind, and Blink 182. I own this CD, and I Fully recamend that you purchace this CD.  You get your moneys worth, AND a good CD to listen to when you are feeling bad.  It is an awsome CD, and it gets you pumped up! BUY IT! TRUST ME! I wouldn't write this long, if I didn't know what I was talking about! Well, gotta go listen to Smash Mouth! Join the fun!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GOX', u"John Barry has stated that he won't do another Bond soundtrack.  After listening to Arnold's work for &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot;, I'm not so sure this is a bad thing.  Arnold has a clear idea of what makes Bond work musically; from the opening bars of &quot;White Knight&quot; to the fade of k.d. lang's &quot;Surrender&quot;, you know exactly what you're listening to.  Moby's &quot;James Bond Theme&quot; is a brilliant techno-pop take on the much-loved guitar piece by Barry (or Monty Norman, depending on who you listen to) and much more effective than Eric Serra's fumbled attempts on &quot;Goldeneye&quot;.  Sheryl Crow's title song has received a lot of flack from fans and critics, but I don't think it's completely justified.  Granted, Crow's range is limited, and there are times when I think the vocals could have been more dynamic, but the lyrics are strong (much stronger than &quot;Goldeneye&quot;) and the use of strings is effective; it grows on you after a few l! ! istenings.  lang's &quot;Surrender&quot;, in contrast, is a powerhouse, full of the same brio and energy.  It's reminescent of Shirley Bassey's &quot;Goldfinger&quot; but is not imitative of that classic.THIS IS WHAT A JAMES BOND SOUNDTRACK SHOULD SOUND LIKE!"))
(5.0, (u'0780619552', u"This movie is great! An excellent acheivement, It's hilarious, funny, and uses a lot of scenes that have set precedents in the world of comedy. I think this movie is just hilarious using a lot of play on words, and a lot of tiny but phony jokes tied in with hilarious props and phrases. The plot of the movie is interesting, and the characters are funny, and very real. The menu uses an interesting song function, as with alternate endings to the movie, an eye-catching chapter list, and a lot of fun stuff, including a commentary with mike myers and the director. My favorite scene is the group therapy, Dr. Evil (played by mike Myers) tells of his life. I laugh thinking about it everyday.  I own a lot of DVD movies, and I think this is the funniest, and best one I own. &quot;Yeah, Baby!&quot;  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001FF6', u"I was talking to a friend who happens to run a national radio station the other day, waxing eloquent about this amazing artist I'd recently discovered.  He mentioned that he'd bought a copy of Heat Treatment on pink vinyl in the year it was released (1976), which made me feel i) pleasantly young and ii) stupid for thinking I'd stumbled upon a secret known to me and me alone.  Which, given the quality of this album, would be a damn shame if it were true.Heat Treatment sounds like what you'd get if you threw a pub band and the members of Television into a cement mixer and fronted them with someone possessing the cynicism of an Elvis Costello and the voice of a Richard Thompson (which is to say a trifle limited in range but capable of kicking butt when the need arises).  As a result the songs are simultaneously  powerful and polished, rocking hard without sacrificing musical quality (consider the Stones circa 1969 for another example of what I'm talking about).And ! ! what songs they are.  With the solitary exception of Black Honey there's not a bum track amongst them, with one (Something You're Going Through) requiring serious consideration for a place in my personal top twenty songs of all time (everybody I've played it to since buying the album has been blown away) and two others (Hotel Chambermaid and Back Door Love) serving to prove that there is simply no substitute for a simple song well sung.  As for the lyrics ... well, Dylan it ain't, but then Parker seems to have learned early what too many artists forget - music is supposed to be fun, and relevance can go take a hike (though check out Turned Up Too Late for an example of some of the nastiest lyrics ever penned to an ex-lover, far more disturbing in its dismissal than anything Guns 'n Roses ever turned their hand to).Look, it's like this - here, at a budget price even, you can get yourself nine finely-crafted, rocking, and downright hummable tracks from one of those artists wh! ! o should have been the next big thing, but sadly never was.!  Check out this album, and you'll know why I consider that a tragedy.P.S.  There are many who will tell you that Squeezing Out Sparks is the better album.  Great as that album may be, I think this one rocks harder and has a better &quot;feel&quot; to it.  I'll let you decide."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MWY', u'Wilco is one of the two bands to rise from the ashes of Uncle Tupelo, the band that created the so-called "Insurgent Country" genre. The second of these two is Son Volt. This album was not received very well by the music press as it was released at about the same time as Son Volt\'s debut which was crically acclaimed. The comparison of these two albums is somewhat unfair as they are stylistically very different. Wilco is led by Jeff Tweedy, the member of Uncle Tupelo who tended toward catchy Roots Rock songs as opposed to Jay Farrar (now in Son Volt) who tends much more toward traditional country. A.M. is immediately listenable and struck me initially as something that I would tire of - this initial reaction has not held up - I still love this album each and every time I listen to it. It has almost direct follow on from "Anodyne", Uncle Tupelo\'s final album, with catchy songs like Box Full of Letters and Shouldn\'t be Ashamed. Yet there is depth provided by moody, soulful songs like Dash 7 and I Thought I Held You. Jeff Tweedy\'s trademark sense of humor is as strong as ever in Passenger Side and I Must Be High. In short, if you loved "Anodyne" by Uncle Tupelo, in particular these songs: Acuff-Rose, The Long Run, New Madrid, We\'ve Been Had and No Sense in Lovin - then you will LOVE this album. But even if you prefer the style of Jay Farrar and Son Volt, this album is worth its price as the natural successor to the Uncle Tupelo era.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002G0J', u"When I purchased this 4 CD box set, I had NO idea I would treasure it this much!  There are two things to love about this compilation; the music and the booklet that's included.  Being a Carpenter's fan for 25 years, I figured I knew/heard/seen everything!  Boy, was I wrong.  I love the way Richard chose to present the 67 selections chronologically, from 1965 through 1982. I had NO idea Karen was only 16 years old when she sang &quot;Looking For Love&quot; and &quot;I'll Be Yours&quot;, recorded in 1966.  My favorite is &quot;You'll Love Me&quot;, from 1967.  I was just amazed at the talent both Karen and Richard possessed as teenagers!  And the booklet is packed with photos of the duo as well as Richards thoughts/comments he wrote about each title. (All 67 of them!) I definetly recommend &quot;From The Top&quot; for all Carpenter's enthusiasts; you won't be disappointed."))
(5.0, (u'B000003O8H', u'I happened on to the Saw Doctors a couple of months ago at Borders (sorry) and since then the album has been a constant companion to my CD changer.  They have a modern, down-home sound that is difficult to ignore.  Listening to their music reminds me of  mom and apple pie, only the apple pie is cooked in a microwave and mom is wearing Harley-Davidson leather.  Blending of musical styles often times fails, yet the Saw Doctors have somehow found a way to make it work.  I can hear shadows of REM, Springstein, and Sting in their music.  The lyrics are real, almost scenic, and they steer clear of cynicsm and romanticism.. The Saw Doctors are an excellent band and &quot;Sing a Powerful Song&quot; is an excellent album.'))
(5.0, (u'B000005M2L', u"The present volume (&quot;Platinum Series -- 20 Hits&quot;, in English) is a collection of favorite children's songs by the Mexican songwriter-singer known as Cri-Cri, El Grillito Cantor (&quot;Cri-Cri, the singing cricket&quot;).  Cri-Cri, in real life, is Francisco Gabilondo Soler.Cri-Cri sings of many childish things -- ducks who take their ducklings shopping (&quot;La Patita&quot;), animal orchestras (&quot;Orquesta de Animales&quot;), piglets at bedtime (&quot;Cochintos Dormilones&quot;).  He animates inanimate objects such as the pot and the griddle (&quot;La Olla y El Comal&quot;) and the fountain suffering from the heat (&quot;El Chorrito&quot;).  And he recognizes the relationship between children and their grandparents in &quot;Di Porqu&eacute;&quot; (Tell me why) and &quot;El Ropero&quot; (the wardrobe).I learned some of these songs while caring for Mexican nieces and nephews, and sang them to my own children; I was delighted to find them available now on comp! ! act disk.  For me, and for many Mexicans, this will be a trip down memory lane.  Children (of whatever age) who are learning Spanish will also enjoy this volume."))
(5.0, (u'6304945760', u"T'ai Chi is difficult to learn via video, and I've viewed several, but this one is the only one that has performed the Chen style movements slowly and continuously enough for me to follow.  In less than one month, I was able to learn the nine movements well and put them together in a continuous flow for an enjoyable, relaxing workout.  For correct form, Arnold E. Tayam's complete demonstration, which appears later in the video, was invaluable.  The beauty with which he executes each movement inspired me to strive for correct form.  Mr. Tayam's credentials are also impressive.  Since it's so difficult finding books and videos on Chen style T'ai Chi, this video is priceless. I wish Carradine (who I always enjoy watching) would consider doing another video incorporating a Chen style short form using the same format.  Viewers will also enjoy the beautiful nature photography and music of John Serrie on this video.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"There's &quot;so much to say&quot; :) about Dave... this CD is great.  Dave never fails to put me in a good mood and make me smile.  I went to his Foxboro, MA show and am going to 3 more...back to back to back.. Both Hartford, CT shows and the one in Vernon, NY.. This new CD is different then Dave's old music.  In his interview with spin he says that he is often embarassed by his older writings... his manager says that Dave is finally using all of his gift and singing with his true talent.  At first I didn't like the new CD as much as the old stuff...but I made a copy of the CD and drive around to it all the time.. It has grown on me in ways I never thought to be possible :) It really is an EXCELLENT album.. Nice Job Dave and the guys... Keep up the good work... and when's the new Live CD comin out! :)"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JB8', u"If I could only listen to one CD for the rest of my life, I'd start the selection process with the best of Beethoven from classical, some Beatles and Moody Blues from rock, perhaps some Weather Report from jazz and also some Vangelis. &quot;Oceanic&quot; would have to be included and might end up as the single CD.&quot;Oceanic&quot;, like previous Vangelis inspirations, &quot;Chariots of Fire&quot; and &quot;Blade Runner&quot; transcends rhythm and melody to become a spiritual experience. Where it takes you will depend on you, but it will evoke a response or even a journey if you give it a chance. My first encounter with &quot;Oceanic&quot; was not impressive, just listening to snatches of a few tracks as somebody else played the CD. But when I completed it entirely, it engrossed both my attention and imagination. The music sank into the background as my response welled up and the tracks seemed to build on each other somehow. Every time I listen to it now I get ! ! a different response, but it has turned into a meditative experience that I relish. &quot;Oceanic&quot; is a great title because this CD is deep and different every time you look at it.The tracks sampled here on Amazon give a very good taste of the overall flavor of the CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000009EA9', u"I've been waiting for years for this recording to come back into print. It's a beautiful piece by Stan Kenton and some of LA's top studio musicians. Recorded in an orchestral setting, the music strikes a balance between classical formality and some really swinging jazz lines. The best pieces, for me, were the Passacaglia and Fugue and Music for an Unwritten Play. In the Passacaglia, the orchestra adapts Bach's work in a sterling fashion, with improvisational work laying over the top of the familiar theme. In Music for an Unwritten Play the theme is long, majestic, and magical, with some wonderful improvisation work by musicians like Bud. Highly recommended for a change of pace from small group work and the big band swing style. For those who like both classical and jazz."))
(5.0, (u'B000002I2R', u"I remember when &quot;Taxi&quot; was first played on the radio - I stopped what I was doing to listen to the words. It was only a matter of minutes before I bought a copy for myself.&quot;Heads and Tales&quot; is the first of Harry Chapin's albums, and in many ways it remains his finest. He covers the range of emotions from joy to despair with equal deftness, all the while weaving complex stories in 3-5 minutes. H&amp;T was an immediate hit, fueled by the popularity of &quot;Taxi.&quot; It remains a unique statement in American popular music, and should be on every collectors &quot;must have&quot; list."))
(5.0, (u'B000006XR9', u"Ok, Connick fans, listen up. I bought the cassette while in Mexico and have waited for its US release so I could get the CD, but that still hasn't happened. Thank goodness for imports! You know how good the &quot;When Harry met Sally&quot; soundtrack is? This one's way better. I'm not a die-hard fan, but this CD really holds my attention all the way through and even gets me singing along. This CD gives you stuff from Harry's whole career: different sounds, different attitudes, all of the highest quality.  So even if you are just a borderline fan of Harry Connick or of this genre of music, I'd highly recommend this CD. (If you already have all of the Connick CD's then I'd pass on this since there's no new stuff on it.) By the way, I liked this record so much, I bought the company."))
(5.0, (u'B000006Y5D', u"ASIDE FROM JONI MITCHELL, SANDY DENNY IS PROBABLY THE MOST INFLUENTIAL FEMALE SINGER-SONG WRITER TO EMERGE FROM THE LATE 60'S. THIS IS QUITE A FEAT WHEN ONE CONSIDERS THE FACT THAT SHE NEVER ATTAINED THE SUCCESS THAT MITCHELL HAD. HER STINT WITH FAIRPORT CONVENTION PUT HER ON BOTH THE CRITICAL AND COMMERCIAL MAPS IN BRITAIN. IN THE U.S. SHE WAS A CRITTICAL IF NOT A COMMERCIAL SUCCESS. HER SOLO WORK WAS AT TIMES ERATTIC AND A BIT OVER-PRODUCED. THIS IS CLEARLY NOT THE CASE WITH &quot;SANDY&quot;. RELEASED IN 1972, IT SHOWCASES DENNY AT THE PINACLE OF HER POWERS. NOT ONLY WAS SHE A STELLAR SONGWRITER, SHE HAD THE ABILITY TO TRANSFORM ANOTHER WRITER'S MATERIAL AND MAKE IT ALL HER OWN. THERE HAS NEVER BEEN A BETTER COVER OF DYLAN'S &quot;TOMMOROW IS A LONG TIME&quot;.  PERHAPS THE MOST STAND OUT CUT HERE IS &quot;THE QUIET JOYS OF BROTHERHOOD&quot; WITH WORDS BY RICHARD FARINA SET TO THE TUNE OF THE TRADITIONAL FOLK BALLAD &quot;MY LAGAN LOVE&quot; IF THIS DOES'NT SEND SHIV! ERS UP THE BACK OF YOUR NECK, THEN YOU'RE MADE  OF STONE!  THE MUSICANS ON THIS ALBUM ARE OF THE HIGHEST CALIBER. FORMER FAIRPORT BAND-  MATES RICHARD THOMPSON AND DAVE SWARBRICK ARE FEATURED ALONG WITH HER HUSBAND TREVOR LUCAS WHO PASED AWAY IN  1989 11 YEARS AFTER HER OWN UNTIMLEY DEATH.  MUSIC IS SUPPOSED TO BE A SUBJECTIVE EXPERIENCE, SO I WON'T GO ON ABOUT EACH TRACK. JUST SIT BACK, AND YOU'LL SEE HOW SHE HAS HAD SUCH A POWERFULL EFFECT ON THE LIKES OF NATALIE MERCHANT, SINEAD O'CONNOR AND LORRENA MC KENNITT. EVEN KATE BUSH CITES HER AS A MAJOR INFLUENCE. AT THE RISK OF SOUNDING CORNY, SHE'S GONE, BUT NOT FORGOTTEN."))
(5.0, (u'B000006YUA', u"From as far back as I can remember, I was obsessed with my Dad's original LP of Dean Friedman's 'Rocking Chair' (not only for the great music, but also for the fantastic plasticine models on the album cover....fascinating when you're 6 yrs old!).  I was therefore thrilled when I found the 'The Very Best of DF' a while ago on CD.  Memories came flooding back as soon as I played it for the first time.  &quot;Lydia&quot;, &quot;The Deli Song&quot; and &quot;Lucky Stars - (my sister and I duetted to this one aged 6 and 8; naturally, I sang Dean's part!), all of these are just as fantastic as I remember them.  For all DF fans, this is definitely a 'must' for your collection.  If you're not quite sure who DF is, buy it and play it at least 3 times, by which time you'll be hooked.Speaking of my Dad's beloved record collection, I wonder if there's a Captain and Tenille CD out there somewhere!.........."))
(5.0, (u'B000002552', u"There are no words to describe the unbridled joy inherent in listening to this album.  It is the spirit of great music, finally embodied after centuries of wasted effort.  There is little pretension, only plain, simple good-timin' melodies that are guaranteed to grow on you as you listen.  Try, just try, I dare you, to put on 'Apple Sucklin' Tree' after a few listens without kicking your feet up in the air.  Every song places the listener right under that ol' apple sucklin' tree with Bob and the boys and you are the beneficiary of a legacy.  If you claim to be a rock fan, do not miss this roots-inspired masterpiece."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ESR', u"Trios, like Rush, are groups where musicians get maximum from minimum. This is better understanded in live albums. There are no doble recordings, no effects and so. Rush's &quot;Exit stage left&quot; is another step on their live albuns, after &quot;All the world's stage&quot;. In &quot;Exit&quot;, Rush introduce more instruments, like the intense use of keybords, a bigger drum and guitar pedals. All to prove they are only three, even so the sound seems like of one of an orchestra. Geddy plays bass, sings and play keybords in the same music, for exemple. I particulary like a lot the live version of &quot;The red barchetta&quot;, one of the musics that show more love for cars. (&quot;a brilliant red Barchetta from a better vanished time&quot;)."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ESX', u"I think that Rush's late 80's albums get ignored by a lot of people because they were released in the period between the band's spurt of huge popularity and their eventual recognition as being a &quot;classic act&quot;. Too bad, because I really love these albums.Power Windows is exactly that: pumped-up, orchestrated-to-the-gills Rush. As you might expect, the largeness of the album's lyrical subject matter is the rock around which the band builds their mighty guitar chord and keyboard arrangements, but Rush does it with such purpose and class that it works.If you enjoy music with strength and complexity, and are turned off by the stuff that alternative rock radio stations pump out these days, try out this CD for a surge of energy."))
(5.0, (u'B000001F0C', u"Those who are unfamiliar with the name Dusty Springfield are missing out on a vital part of music history.This FANTASTIC but LONG OVERDUE 3 CD retrospective of the work of the most gifted vocalist of her generation, is a gem!Disc 1, contains most of the early/mid Dusty hits from the classics &quot;You Don't Have To Say You Love Me&quot; to &quot;Wishin' &amp; Hopin'&quot; and &quot;I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself&quot;(both written for her by Burt Bacharach).Disc II contains tracks recorded in the mid/late 60's...and it carries such well known ditties as &quot;Son of A Preacher Man&quot; and &quot;The Look of Love&quot; Sensual, smooth, sophisticated, pure silk...This is the Dusty that most people remember.But as this compilation demonstrates, that was merely ONE of her faces.  (A 1972 compilation LP of Dusty's work wasn't titled SEE ALL HER FACES for nothin').Disc III is a surprise.  Why?  Because it contains material from the 1970's to the!  present day, a period in which popularity and chart topping success had all but eluded her, until her  surprise duet hit with the Pet Shop Boys on &quot;What Have I Done To Deserve This?&quot; in 1987.  Although a difficult period in terms of popularity, the 70's are perhaps the most interesting decade of Dusty's amazing career.  Her voice is as vulnerable and full of sensitivity as ever...her phrasing is impeccable and her insight into lyrics is sublime.  So what went wrong?Public tastes changed and Dusty, although producing top notch work was left behind and people stopped listening.  She refused to cater to public taste, and instead ventured into her own musical worlds, and even stopped singing solo all together from 1974-1978.  When she did attempt to return to the music scene in 1978 with IT BEGINS AGAIN, she was not taken seriously enough.  Hence,  much of her work from the late 70's to mid 80's did not chart or sell well outside of her cult following.A true sh! ame, since, Disc III contains some of the most beautiful mu! sic recorded by a vocalist in the last 30 years.  It proves what makes Dusty a living legend.It's not just that she is a pop singer with a nice voice, it's her ability to sing ANYTHING and EVERYTHING from Pop to Rock to R &amp; B to Disco to Techno-Pop to Country that makes her an icon.No other singer has sung so many different styles of music so well.  NONE.  In an era that contains such great song interpreters as Sinatra, Garland, Minnelli,Bennett and Streisand that is no small feat.  When reviewing the scorecard, Miss Springfield may not have had as many hits or as much widespread popularity as her compatriots, but when it comes to sheer vocal ability, interpretation and range, she takes the prize, easily.Dusty is different.  Disc III proves that...from the pop majesty of &quot;Let Me Love You Once Before You Go&quot; to the rock raucousness of &quot;Don't Call It Love&quot; to the Marlene Dietrichesque &quot;Soft Core&quot; to the country twang of &quot;Where Is ! A Woman To Go?&quot;...Dusty proves she is the reigning chameleon of chanteuses.  Just when you think you can label her &quot;this&quot; or &quot;that&quot;...she surprises you with a radical interpretation of some off the wall lyric.While some singers sing, Dusty throws curve balls of sound.Because Dusty's style and tastes are so eclectic, this set has something for EVERY music fan out there...to not own have it in your CD collection would be like owning an Encyclopedia set without the &quot;A&quot; section.A must listen for any fan of female vocalists. This 3CD masterpiece that covers over 30 years of Dusty Springfield's career is a colossal effort right down to the liner notes and amazing colorful insert booklet.Of all the vocalists out there, Dusty reigns as the supreme master."))
(5.0, (u'B000002N9S', u"&quot;Out of time&quot; was hard act to follow but amazingly they managed to create an even better album ,to follow &quot;Automatic for the people &quot; seemed impossible , and while i loved &quot;monster&quot; , a lot of R.E.M fans didn't. offcourse most of them had never heard &quot;document&quot; so to hear guitars must have being a bit of a shock. with &quot;New Adventures&quot; R.E.M. have acheived the impossible again.Not only is it as good as (in my opinon better than) &quot;Automatic&quot;, it has managed to combine the best of their former styles , by having both folk rock ballads and guitar heavy tracks and incorprated a new direction as shown on &quot;leave&quot;. &quot;E- Bow the letter&quot; is sublime but &quot;Be mine&quot; is an overlooked work of genius.After the first time i heard it ,it was my favourite R.E.M. song and still is.I bought this album on sept 8 96 and i haven't stopped listening to it yet, i doubt i will.&quot;i wanna be you easter bunny! !  , i want to be your christmas tree.&quot; Brillant.From the start of &quot;How the west was won and were it got us&quot; to the last  line of Electrolite, &quot;i'm outta here&quot; ,New Adventures is a fabulous album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NIH', u"It doesn't get any better than this. As another reviewer noted, rarely does one get a CD in which more than 3 songs are great. In addition to the commercially successful &quot;Good Riddance,&quot; there are a number of other memorable tracts--&quot;Worry Rock,&quot; &quot;Walking Alone,&quot; &quot;Redundant,&quot; and &quot;King for a Day,&quot; which has quirky but amusing lyrics. As I listen to &quot;King,&quot; I'm imagining the punk trio in drag, &quot;princess(es) by dawn,&quot; and while &quot;Walking Alone&quot; is blasting, I feel as if Billie Joe Armstrong took the words right out my mouth when he wrote it. Green Day is comtemporary Beat generation poetry accompanied by something that is more than loud, obnoxious noise that seems to characterize many groups in Green Day's genre--it is music that is so enveloping and catharctic that remnants of it play like a CD in my head while I take biology tests!  Don't rely on reviews which ripped Nimrod--this CD is ! worth its weight in gold!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000032UL', u"Dusty Springfield can sing.  No question about that.  WHAT she sings is a different story altogether.  For years, this icon of music has tried on every hat in the business.  From Country to Italian Ballads to R &amp; B to Funk to Techno and even Showtunes...if you can dream up a musical style, Dusty has sung in it.This LP, A BRAND NEW ME (1970), is particularly interesting because, when originally released, it was meant to usher in a &quot;new&quot; Dusty, void of the big panda-eyed make-up and the bouffant wigs.  For the only time in her career, Dusty sang 10 songs (the original tracks, not including the bonus CD tracks), all written by the same composers, the Gamble &amp; Huff team from Philadelphia that after this album would make the &quot;Philly Sound&quot; a hit.  As always, Dusty was there first.Her rendtions of &quot;Never Love Again&quot;, &quot;Lost&quot; &quot;Let Me In Your Way&quot;, &quot;Bad Case of The Blues&quot;, &quot;Silly Silly Fool&quot; an! d &quot;A Brand New Me&quot; are unparalleled by any other vocalist, black or white.The only problem with this LP is that Dusty has always been frenetically eclectic, and the music on this LP, while well assembled, is far too mundane and single minded for an artist of her range.Here is where the bonus tracks, taken from later sessions really spice up the CD and make it a MUST buy.` All 9 bonus tracks are special and make the CD completely worthwile.  Especially outstanding among them is the fervent &quot;What Do You Do When Love Dies?&quot; and the gusto-filled &quot;What Good Is I Love You?&quot;.  She even tries her hand at some Ashford &amp; Simpson with &quot;I Can't Give Back The Love&quot; (track title incorrect on AMAZON's listing) and she succeeds at making A &amp; S sound less sappy than most, even A &amp; S themselves.All in all, when I listen to this CD, I play the last 9 tracks more than anything else.If for no other reason, this CD should be purchased ! for Dusty's rendering of &quot;A Brand New Me&quot; which r! eached #24 in the top 40 Billboard charts when released.  Aretha Franklin later recorded the song, after hearing Dusty's version.  Her version did not chart. (the same occurred with the famous &quot;Son of A Preacher Man&quot;) When a white woman outsings the Queen of Soul, it's time to sit up and listen."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S37', u"Reed's use of feedback was absolutely unheard of at the time of this recording, and is felt by most music critics to be a simple way out of his mandatory number of albums.  The constant resonance and downward tones inflict damage upon ones nerves, and Reed still claims to this day that it was a honest and serious attempt at making music.  Being under emotional distress at the time of the recording of this experimental album, the music heard in this album speaks from Reed's twisted heart and soul, and broke through in plain english the torture of a mind.  Metal Machine Music is simply the most amazing thing that I have ever had the joy to hear.  Bravo, Lou Reed, bravo."))
(5.0, (u'B000000IRN', u"As time passes by, some recordings we once thought were great begin to lose their luster.  That's not the case with Sinatra's Songs for Swinging Lovers.  The entire album seems as fresh today as it did when first released nearly four decades back.  As we come to the end of the century, a lot will be written about the best of this and that during the last l00 years.  An awful lot of us are going to insist that Sinatra's version of &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; was the best single recording ever made.  The Nelson Riddle arrangement is still awesome even by today's standards and the trombone solo demonstrates how much jazz and pop can complement one another.  But most of all there is the superb Sinatra vocal, his very best, that ignites this recording and turns it into an artform all by itself."))
(5.0, (u'B0000002ME', u"Even though I tend towards classic rock as my main musical interest I had heard comments about Alison and her lovely voice and finally decided to check out this album, thinking it was a &quot;greatest hits&quot; album.  It isn't:  it's a retrospective of her career with a few wonderful new songs added as well.  It demonstrates her development as an artist and the wide range of her musical abilities.  Most of all, it is a truly enjoyable album.This album has sold over two million copies  and went to the top 15 of the pop music charts and number 2 on the country charts--which demonstrates that her music has wide appeal yet is hard to pigeonhole into one category.  Alison and her band Union Station have won a total of nine Grammy awards (so far) in at least three categories (country, bluegrass, and gospel)--and they're still going strong.  Yet, putting her into just those three categories still doesn't adequately describe her music:  she is truly a unique perform! er.Part of her uniqueness is that she's achieved her success just by being herself and doing it her way--rather than the usual commercialized way.  She is so down to earth in concert you feel like you are listening to her in a park with some friends or could ask her out for coffee afterwards without reservations.  She has not bought into the hype and commercialism of the modern music scene; I almost think she wouldn't care about the money, as long as she could still make the music she enjoys--and does SO well.She has the most angelic, passionate, and achingly lovely voice I've ever heard.  I frequently suffer from deep major depression, and Alison's singing is one of the few things that can still touch me in the midst of that.  Sometimes I will just play this album or a few special songs over and over and over again when I'm really down in the pit of despair and let Alison remind me there IS still beauty and joy in this world.This is an album I have giv! en many times as a gift, and it's always been well apprecia! ted.  One friend wrote, &quot;I just received nine other CDs from BMG, but &quot;Now That I've Found You&quot; is the one I play all the time.&quot;  Another friend wrote a thank you note saying, &quot;...I don't think I've ever received a birthday gift that I have enjoyed more.  I mean it.&quot;Alison's music is wonderful, and I know of no better album to start sampling it than &quot;Now That I've Found You&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000006JQ0', u"With this release, REO has raised the bar and compiled a collection of new songs to please both old fans and new ones alike. From the heartfelt lyrics to the edgy music, this album keeps you interested from start to finish.With rockers like &quot;When I Get Home&quot;, &quot;She's Gonna Love Me&quot; and &quot;Hey, Wait a Minute&quot; the band stretches their muscles and announces their presence. Then with ballads such as &quot;Building the Bridge&quot; and the acoustic &quot;After Tonight&quot; they say, &quot;but, yes, we can be tender, too!&quot;.  They even break into some country-flavored rock with &quot;Ballad of the Illinois Opry&quot;.An all around worthwhile addition to any music collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JON', u"This is a relaxing, soulful album. It flows smoothly and is full of pleasing melodies and Mick Hucknall's masterful singing. I have very much enjoyed this album since 1993. With my considerable change in musical tastes over the past five years, it's one of the few I've held onto and still frequently play from that long ago.  It is mellow, but far from boring. It starts with  the funky, undeniably catchy &quot;Something Got Me Started&quot;, then goes on to the quiet, romantic &quot;Stars&quot;, and then there's the smooth, jazzy &quot;Thrill Me.&quot;  &quot;Your Mirror&quot; is both a political and personal statement,  and &quot;She's Got It Bad&quot; is a trip back into 70's soul. &quot;For Your Babies&quot; is beautiful and calming, &quot;Model&quot; has a slight reggae beat, and &quot;How Could I Fall&quot; is a true winner, with its heartbreaking words and dramatic piano and sax solos.  Overall, a masterpiece."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAT', u"As is often commented on,Sgt Pepper represents a manifestation of western popular musical evolution in wholly indistinct terms.The adoption of the opposing spheres of holistic awareness to demonstrate the Western person's perceptual deficit of the world around him/her is cleverer than may at first be apparent.The average person is,as a young person,swamped by their own surplus energy,which tends to cause subjective interpretation of the world around us.Sgt Pepper is one of the few masterpieces to become more impressive the more that you listen to it.By utilising the 'mind's' opposing areas of awareness through the use of oppositional stereo spectrum,the listener is almost programmed into remembering subliminal mystical references that can be drawn on as we experience life on a day to day basis.The Beatles pulled off a cultural coup with this work,yet somehow the fact that secrecy and the adoption of well meaning surreptitiousness has passed by mainstream consci! ousness.Apart from the use of deeply 'buried' sound effects and whispers,they also included a veritable cookbook of mystical Eastern perceptual/philosophical references.An inspired work of art that amazingly continues to contribute to the 'fixing of the hole' of the soul of the West."))
(5.0, (u'B000007PIP', u"One of the more enjoyable CD purchases I've made lately; I was actually entertained (suprise, suprise!)  Some of Rave's more cheezy moments are preserved on this retrospect (such Dominator) but other moments are just totally classic.  Such as the riveting move groove of Capella's Everybody.  And also enjoyable is Baby D's Let Me Be Your Fantasy (nice breakbeat loops with nice minor-7th pads and sexy voice).  Beyond classic are the inclusion of 808 State's Pacific State (remember that erie lead horn synth hook?) and Moby's GO (before Moby went).  If you were part of the rave ordeal in the early 90s this will bring back a lot of memories of strange evenings on Indian reservations.  If you like hot, booming retro-techno, you will like this."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LO8', u"This is without a doubt Ice-T's best album, and one of the best hip hop albums ever. From the moment the sirens start on Home of the Bodybag to Ice-t sayin &quot;Ya shoulda killed me last year&quot; to end the album, you get a non stop rush of adrenaline throughout the 24 track lp. Great tracks like Mind Over Matter, Midnight, OG Original Gangster, New Jack Hustler and Lifestyles of the Rich and Infamous are truly classics. He also introduces is famous metal band Body Count, which adds diversity. The album is full of violence, questions, opinions and bravado.The end result is a classic rap album that no hip hop fan should be without.PeaceBig D"))
(5.0, (u'B000002B2N', u"Dusty's most recent recording is no exception to her previous ones, when it comes to quality. The lady can turn any song into a great song. Her voice is suitable to all types of rhythms, and she does wonderfully, just as she did when she first went solo in the early '60s. Contemporary and yet filled with the magical atmosphere of the golden '60s, this CD is a real must to anyone who likes good music, and is suitable for all ages. I have played it to 16 to 60 y.o. friends, and they had words of praise, mostly for Dusty's voice and her unique qualities as a &quot;singing actress&quot;, as she impersonates characters in each song. The best track? Well, &quot;You Are The Storm&quot;, I'd say. Lovely lyrics and a lovely melody. &quot;Highly recommended for all audiences&quot;. Jorge Borges"))
(5.0, (u'B000005JD1', u"Grace's voice is so beautiful, so sesual.  It seems perfectly matched with the trancey sound-scape created by Paul Oakenford (he is the man behind all perfecto mixes).  Very few techno/trance/electronic records can actually present fine songs, fine music that means something, as this CD does.  The CD is pure euphoic bitter joy and sadness.  If you like the euro-trash and progressive groove vibe, then you should like this.  At times it has a pop edge, but it always manages style and sophistication.  It also, by the way, contains a version of a song called &quot;Hand And Hand&quot;, which was a mild dance hit by Opus III in 94 or 95."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RRF', u"I was first introduced to Marillion years ago with this album.  I was hooked at the first listen.  The lyrics are inspired, inspiring, and sometimes inspired lunacy.  Marillionites around the world seem to agree, despite their personal preferences, that Misplaced Childhood was their best, Fish-ful or Fish-less.  This album has messages and commentaries on today's society but at the same time entertains to the hilt.  Beware first-time listeners....it is highly addictive.I dont really have a top-10 list of favourites, but I can say unequivocably that Misplaced Childhood is my favourite album of all time.  10 years after being given a second-hand home-recorded tape, I still can't get enough.&quot;How can we justify?  They call us civilised.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B0000087ID', u"Certainly, to turn this disc into a wonder, one of its songs would be enough: &quot;Broken Blossoms&quot;. No other song, that I've heard ever, condemns war in a stronger manner. Extraordinary verses, a master job by Tom Springfield, and Dusty's rendition of the song, as if she were on the battlefield herself, whilst recording, is superb.  Versions normally distance the lyrics from the original, and &quot;If You Go Away&quot; is no exception. To compensate for that, Dusty lends it her entire being, and her interpretation is the most beautiful one of this unbeatable Brel classic. I've heard it in different languages, by a number of singers, including Jacques Brel. Dusty is the most honest and emotional performance the song has had. Dusty's eclecticism presents the listener with different rhythms, throughout the disc, her unique voice lending charm and feeling to all of them, even to the weak &quot;Sunny&quot;. &quot;Where Am I Going?&quot; is a real VIP treat to anyone w! ho has got good taste, music wise."))
(5.0, (u'B000006V2R', u"The words on this CD go straight to your heart. For instance in &quot;Waking Up Alone&quot;,listen to these words: &quot;I took my chances on a one-way ticket home, growing tired of strangers and the kind of life I'd known. Thought the time for settlin' down had come at last; guess I hoped to find the future in my past. Walk with me, Darlin', where the wheat fields used to be, and I will tell you stories of my times across the sea. Your the legendary girl I left behind; can't begin to count the times you crossed my mind. And oh your children, why the youngest looks just like you, she's a picture of her mother, but there'll never be another quite like you. Your an angel in a time that I don't know anymore. So goodnite; I;ll take my memories to bed, you know that I'll be waking up alone.&quot; &lt;P&gt;Now isn't that beautiful! You should hear it in Paul Williams' voice. You will melt. &lt;P&gt;And when you hear, &quot;That's enough for me&quot;, you'll be overwhelmed by ! this song. &quot;Momma that's enough for me; that's all the hero I need be. I smile to think of you and me; you and I; and how our pleasure makes you cry.&quot; &lt;P&gt;There are also great songs like We've Only Just Begun; Let Me Be the One, and a Simple Man. Thse songs you probably already know, but you've never heard them sung like Paul sings them.&lt;P&gt;So I took my time here after a hard day's work to type all this, because I want so much for everyone else to find the joy in this music that I have found. &lt;P&gt;I have no affiliation with Amazon, Paul Williams, or anyone. I'm a 47 year old woman from Maryland who has been caught up in this record for years. I'm now getting the CD, and do yourself a real big favor and get it to. You won't regret it. See ya! Jill"))
(5.0, (u'6302817668', u"T'ai Chi is difficult to learn by video, and I've viewed several other T'ai Chi workout videos, but this is the only one that has performed the Chen style movements slowly and continuously enough for me to follow.  In less than one month, I was able to learn all nine movements well and put them together in a continuous flow for an enjoyable and relaxing workout.  For correct form, Arnold E. Tayam's demonstration (which appears later in the tape) was invaluable (his credentials are also impressive). Since it's so difficult to find books and videos on the Chen style, this one is priceless.  I wish Carradine (who I always enjoy watching) would consider doing another video which incorporates more Chen style into a longer workout--perhaps a short form.  The same format should be used with the same people demonstrating slow, correct movement.  I'd also like to see the same beautiful nature photography and music of John Serrie.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UCQ', u"I have owned the vinyls, cassettes and recently the CDs. These are precious albums, since they show the great &quot;coming out&quot; of George Harrison. To be sure, he wrote great tunes like &quot;Taxman&quot; (Revolver)and &quot;Within You Without You&quot; (one of my favorites), but they were once in a while. Now, they were in great numbers, and all great. &quot;I Dig Love,&quot; &quot;Isn't It A Pity,&quot; &quot;Apple Scruffs,&quot; just to mention a few, surpass anything before them. Also note the broad spectrum of these musical classics. An album set to be had by anyone who is not only a Beatles lover, but a music lover...never mind Phil Spector."))
(5.0, (u'B000002N63', u"Tish Hinojosa is known for her graceful use of southwestern images. In this disc, she brings those visions from the concrete to the landscape of the spirit and the imagination. Rather than describing the cowboy riding the range or the dancer twirling in the firelight (as she's done skillfully in earlier recordings), this time out  Hinojosa writes what they might be dreaming as  they look into those flickering flames. It's an emotionally and intellectually challenging group of songs to which you can return again and again and always hear something new. It doesn't sound exactly like Hinojosa's more country or folk directed albums, but it just may turn out to be her masterpiece. In any case, it's a journey you should share."))
(5.0, (u'B000000F5F', u"i look forward to new recordings by front range more than those of any other bluegrass outfit, with the possible exception of alison krauss. this  is modern, driving 'grass played, sung and recorded excellently. bob amos does the flatpicking and most of the singing, in a very pleasant and catchy baritone--for better or worse, none of those bill monroe blue yodels here. amos is also one of contemporary bluegrass's best composers. six songs here, and they are good ones,  are his. ron lyman is the banjo wiz,  and no front range album is complete without him singing at least one song in his deep, humorous bass. catch him here  on &quot;home in san antone.&quot; mike lantz on mandolin and bob dick on acoustic bass round out the group, and they are fine players and backup singers. as for the name front range--that stands for the unique cowboy sound they have, that somehow incorporates the wind rustling across the prarie, barroom brawls, and oh yeah, that little home in san an! tone."))
(5.0, (u'B000007TE8', u"Practically every review that I read talks about &quot;Hello Nasty&quot; as if it were &quot;Paul's Boutique Part II.&quot;  Don't believe it.  Don't get me wrong, I loved Boutique, but this is something different.  Lyrically, it's a lot of the old school B-boys, no question, but they've managed to elevate the music within their songs up yet another notch.  The Boutique-esque rap tracks are also accompanied by some terrific &quot;Ill Communication-ish&quot; instrumental tracks... and they've also thrown us some completely new treats (whoever thought that the Beastie Boys could produce a successful accoustic piece?!  THAT was a pleasant surprise).  All in all, it's a great album that you'll want to play a lot.  Trust me: the Beasties have lost NONE of their innovation.  They're as strong as ever with Hello Nasty."))
(5.0, (u'6304672128', u"Most gamera fans have seen the cheesy 60s and 70s versions of the turtle that tried to be godzilla. But now, Gamera actually defeats Godzilla in FX. The Godzilla series from 1989-1995 (The Hesei series) had excellent to mediocre FX. Now Gamera beats the FX in this one! But not only do FX makes this a good movie, but the plot actually clicks without plot holes, and, IMHO, is well explained.Synopsis: A floating atoll is discovered and a research team chases after it, while three giant bird-monsters appear and chow down on people. The atoll cracks open and releases a monster turtle called Gamera, a dragon created by an ancient civilization to destroy the evil Gyaos. All but one of the birds are killed, and the survivor grows to a size equal to Gamera's. The bird has been dubbed Gyaos and the military decides to stop attacking Gamera and turn towards Gyaos. Gyaos and Gamera meet in Tokyo and fight to the death.... I can't tell you who wins.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001JTR', u"As a huge fan of Leaether Strip, I would have to say that this album, Legacy of Hate and Lust, is sonically brilliant.  Showing loss, hurt, and over-all emotional break throughs (and break downs), the lyrics are his most penetrating.  Track eight (listed as #9 here), &quot;I won't look back&quot; is my favorite Strip song to date.  It is hard not to imagine the frustration on Claus's face towards the end of this amazing piece.  The only other album to make me feel so complete by LS is Anal Cabaret.  Both are definately worth picking up, and show his truly awesome talent.  Brilliant work, Claus!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006DI6', u"It always amazes(in a disappointing way, sadly) me to hear fellow parrotheads speak of &quot;getting back to the roots&quot;. It's almost always negative and there is a pheel that the person talking pheels cheated by whatever new item comes out.  I never have gotten that.  DON'T STOP THE CARNIVAL is a great CD.  Now, I'm not gonna suggest that it is the &quot;greatest Parrothead collection of all time&quot; or anything so extreme.  Labels and levels have never really applied to Buffett's stuff anyway.  It's just a great story.  Phor me, Buffett has always been about a window. I get to look out the window and see what ever it is I can. Sure, its a window to Bubba and where he is, at any given time, but the great thing about it phor me has always been, I get to look out that window too....and unlike anyone else's phans who try to tell you what everything in a certain song &quot;means&quot;, . . . . . with Buffett, no one ever tells me to close the blinds!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"At first when listening to this album, I wasn't quite sure what to think: It seemed so different from previous albums. To tell the truth, this hard-core Smashing Pumpkins fan didn't even know if they liked the majority of it. I dug deeper into the music and found that this album is one of the Smashing Pumpkins' most beautiful to date. The songs are not just lyrically, but musically strong as well. Sure, it's not the rat-in-the-cage blast from Mellon Collie, but it delivers the same components of a really great album: lyrics, music, and emotions. From &quot;Tear&quot; to &quot;Pug&quot; you see (as Billy Corgan states) the 360 degrees of love; universal emotions shared by everyone at one point or another in their life. If you like the Smashing Pumpkins, or you're just looking for a really good album, buy &quot;Adore&quot;. Then, take the time to feel it's beauty."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OVP', u"When I first heard Weezer's first single, Undone, I liked the song so much I literally ran out of my house to buy the album.  Then I heard about Pinkerton, same situation, just a little more speed on the running part.  I think this album isn't five stars though, I think it should be six.  MTV basically ignored this album and the only time I saw the first video, El Scorcho, was on the Canadian MuchMusic.  The Second video?  I only saw that on the offcial Weezer web site. In closing, HEY YOU CLICK THE LITTLE MOUSE BUTTON AND BUY THIS ALBUM RIGHT NOW!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JPG', u"This is a precursor to the current rush of techno-ambient CDs of this flavor.  This was extremely new in style and sound in 1992.  Lots of nice synthy drones and textures, a good techno clip throughout.  Nothing too hard, nothing too commercial or cheezy.  Extremely pleasant with an alternative or even slight goth edge.  &quot;It's A Fine Day&quot; has an extremely captivating element to it.  Although released in 1992, it would fit in right next to any avant-garde electronic release of 1998.  It was very progressive and didn't go sour like the music of other acts of that time (see Utah Saints)."))
(5.0, (u'B000008USI', u"I've had this CD set in my Discman for 2 weeks and I've gone through 10 sets of dead batteries (good thing they're rechargable :)).  This is a CD set you won't want to stop listening to.  I listen to the Storytellers CD when I'm in the more mellow mood.  From the first few seconds of &quot;'Round Here&quot;, you know you're in for a very emotional experience.  The &quot;Storytellers&quot; title doesn't just refer to the show -- it's what these CD's turn the songs into:  musical stories with emotion and passion.  You will not be disappointed.  And as a bonus, the set is priced like a normal CD, rather than the $30 to $40 you're likely to pay for a one-CD bootleg. In a word:  Enjoy!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002U9K', u"The self-proclaimed &quot;posh&quot; boys made a strong synthy disco stand with this CD &quot;Please.&quot;  The songs contain a very ethereal, strange odd sort feeling, while also being extremely accessible to the average listener.  The songs themselves seem to scream a desire to escape normal life and forever join a non-stop party of sophistication, calculation and poise.  The Pet Shop Boys want to be rich and in love forever.  They also want to be tragic and aimless, and never finding love  These are 80s synthy songs of longing , chasing through discos, stealing the company's money and taking a vacation forever.  &quot;Love Comes Quickly&quot;: down beat with throbbing &quot;ah ah ah&quot; samples in background and the possibility of eventually finding love &quot;West End Girls&quot;: another great bassline preoccupied by the other side of life &quot;Opportunities&quot;: begins with a nice mellow-dramatic piano line, followed by crunchy poppy drum machine beats &quot! ;Suburbia&quot;: awkward, directionless adolescent year stuck in track housing &quot;Tonight Is Forever&quot; and &quot;I Want A Lover&quot;: chasing the night into nowhere, forget tomorrow, live for tonight, hi-nrg reagan-era disco."))
(5.0, (u'B0000071EJ', u"That this album is not universally known is not merely unfortunate, but almost tragic. Among concept albums and 'rock operas', Hope stands as strongly as those more familiar to us. The careful sublimation of layers of stories presents a rich landscape to explore over and over, and by then presents as many questions as it answers.Based loosely on a number of Victorian fables of a lost sister world, and immersed in human passions both timeless and contemporary, Hope is the tale of our world also, of possible futures and pasts that may never be, or are only dimly remembered.Musically, the album is by far the most cohesive and comprehensive by Klaatu, as well as the most expansive, including choruses, orchestral themes, and a variety of stage instrumentation, woven in elegently subtle textures. Having heard it on album for years, I was delighted to find that the CD opened up extensive extra layers I hadn't even suspected before.Lock the doors, turn out the lights, ! put on the headphones, and fasten your seatbelts. This is one ride you will take over and over."))
(5.0, (u'B000005CEE', u"It's rare these days that bands are able to put together an album that refrains from repetition and song padding, and yet uses eloquence, subtlety and poetry in a concoction of real experience. Not that I'm into poetry and all that arty stuff, but we can all appreciate the sentiments of Kelly Jones and where he's coming from when he tells one of 12 stories on this excellent CD. Yes all the critics will reminisce about past influences, but who cares? This album is filled with songs that just get to the point, lifting your spirits with a spitting edge to the riffs, while disturbing your mind as the words sink in.  Take a sampling of the smoother songs of Brit bands like The Verve, take out the chance of getting annoyed by Oasis taking a great song and stringing it out for 7 minutes, take out some overproduction, simmer over real life, real vocals, and real guitar and the Word deserves to Get Around!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001EC7', u"I must preface by saying I was never much of a fan of Vanessa's singing career.  I listened to the CD for the first time a in Jan 1998 and it has been on the top of my list of all time favorites ever since.  The song that got me hooked was Betcha Never - the beat, the lyrics just worked well in a fun way.  I love Higher Ground and You Can't Run.  Apparently so does the rest of San Francisco - if ever in the city - you will hear - You Can't Run on our local jazz station often. Vanessa sure made a new fan here."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EMN', u"Def Leppard was able to realize their fans had matured and the music they produced on this CD shows it! I have been a fan of Leppard since, I can't remember when, and I'm am pleased at the beauty of the ballads they have written,&quot;Breathe a Sigh&quot; and &quot;All I Want is Everything&quot;. I've played this CD for friends who are not quite the Leppard fans that I am, and were shocked to hear that what was playing on the stereo was  Def Leppard, because they liked it! It was a change of pace to hear Viv Campbell and Phil Collen singing lead, but Joe Elliott will always have my heart! SLANG is definatley a change in a GREAT direction, and I APPLAUD the result of what was accomplished in that small villa in Spain!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002AG1', u"For anyone who grew up on Aretha, this offering is something you may have missed which makes it wonderfully refreshing.  It is &quot;unadulterated&quot; Aretha: raw, gritty, full of power, and at times, grace.  It is incredible collage of standards done Aretha's way, according to how she was feeling at the time.  The ease with which Aretha sails up and down the musical scale througout this CD is electrifying.  The way Aretha twists a lyric around a note here, is, even during these 'Early Years,' classic.  At certain points it may make you cry out!  This CD is &quot;all that.&quot;  I honestly consider it my best musical buy in a long, long time. I listened to the entire CD 5-times in the first sitting out of sheer captivation.  Currently, I find myself revisiting it often -ever unable to listen to just one or two tracks.  Anyone who loves &quot;Re-Re&quot; will instantly love this CD.  Even as a supposed &quot;novice&quot; here, she commands a lyric and a note with m! ore skill and tenacity than any contemporary artist I've heard.  This CD confirms her title as the reigning &quot;Queen&quot; -not just of Soul, but of the musical universe!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000033P3', u"Other than the 1st album, this representation of ELP's best up to then (and really they didn't come up with anything new after this tour anyway) was recorded on a world tour that epitomized indulgent arena rock.  But it did capture them at their best and even now they put on an exciting live show; for the record, from the opening JERUSALEM they simply show off the highly talented musicians they are and don't let up.  TOCCATA is brilliant and the extended AQUATARKUS never fails to reach those heights we all live for.  The IMPRESSIONS are better live than in the studio and TAKE A PEBBLE is beautiful. . .the PIANO IMPROVISATIONS are interesting too and actually swing!  ELP swings!  All in all, a must for fans but try to catch them live."))
(5.0, (u'B000002TZE', u"This, I think, should be &quot;The Best of Buffy&quot;, with several of her songs re-recorded using a more &quot;modern flair&quot;, this is an exceptional example of Buffy's style and talent.  As the original songwriter of &quot;Up Where We Belong&quot;, she re-records this song the way in which she intended it to be.  I highly recommend this CD, especially if you are a new Buffy fan.  &quot;Changing Woman&quot; is good on this album (but nothing will beat the original!).  If you don't order any other Buffy album, this is a GREAT one to own!!  Lots of her Native-American heritage to be found here."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RJA', u"Toe tapping, heart racing, can't stop dancing Pop-Disco as well as sultry, sensual R&amp;B all mixed into one superb CD. This outstanding trio first appeared on the scene in the early 80's and attained international  acclaim ( in Europe, the Middle and Far East but to a much lesser extent in the U.S ) with their chart-topping hit ' Just an illusion '.  I first heard this single back in '82 when I was a teenager in my homeland of Egypt where it was an instant hit. Several of the cuts on this CD ( 7, to be exact ) were top R&amp;B hits in the U.S between 1981-87 while all of the cuts topped various other international charts. For all the younger fans of R&amp;B whose generation missed the Imagination era, buy this CD, it contains superbly written R&amp;B songs. For all those who think Maxwell revolutionized  R&amp;B, guess what, these guys have been there, done that, truely masters of R&amp;B. If you're from the Pop-Disco generation and missed hearing Imagination, buy thi! s CD,  they give Chic a run for their money with their  feverish dance tunes. This Cd has it all, steamy R&amp;B ( listen to &quot; In the heat of the night &quot; &amp;  &quot; All nights lovin &quot; which  are sure to raise your hearbeat and temperature with their sultry synthesizers, base and haunting backgound vocals ) as well as feverishly rythmic dance beats ( as on &quot; changes &quot; , &quot; music &amp; lights &amp; &quot; new dimensions &quot; ). Outstanding CD, a definite must have for all generations and lovers of Pop, Disco &amp; R&amp;B. If you buy it and like it send me an e-mail with your comments since I've been a big fan of  Imagination since '82."))
(5.0, (u'B000000BDB', u"This stuff is not for everybody. But if you're into texture and atmosphere, lovesliescrushing just might push your button. My taste in music has just gotten more and more exotic as time goes on, so this stuff fits my bill pretty dead-on. Here's where they come from, as I see it: where 'shoegazer' bands such as My Bloody Valentine use fairly traditional rock instrumentation, but with wildly processed and distorted guitar sounds and textures, llc takes just the textures and makes 'songs' out of them. Nothing else in the world sounds like they do. _Xuvetyn_ actually sounds more relaxed and serene to me than the more choppy _bloweyelashwish_, their previous release. There are so many beautiful, gorgeous pieces here, in such a unique and overwhelming brand of beauty. &quot;blooded and blossom-blown&quot;, &quot;flowered smother&quot;, and &quot;ghosts that swirl&quot; are absolutely breathtaking. I can't get enough of this stuff, and I sure hope there's more where it came fr! om!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000BVG', u"Jennifer Holliday returns to her gospel roots here in a way that makes it clear that she never really left.  Every form of inspirational music is impeccably displayed in &quot;On &amp; On&quot; - a feat few recording artists -gospel or secular- manage in their chosen genre. From soft, reflective ballads, to more rousing, mid-tempo numbers that give hint to her powerful voice like a Mustang idling at a traffic light, she thoughtfully and strategically tunes the listener up.  By the end of the CD, we are given what I suspect she knows we were waiting for: a gut-wrenching, heart-stopping, truly &quot;gospel&quot; piece.  Her spirit-filled testimonial cover of the gospel standard &quot;It Is Well With My Soul&quot; deserved a Grammy, Stellar, Dove among other awards.  For that number alone, I know she will be richly rewarded in heaven.  For old faithful J.H. fans, such as myself, and newcomers just discovering this awesome vocalist, &quot;On &amp; On&quot; proves to be, pe! rhaps, the best display of Jennifer Holliday's amazing talent yet.  With writer/producers the likes of Richard Smallwood, Orlando Draper, Diane Warren and others, Jennifer definitely came ready to make an (exclamation) point!  In my view, this is a &quot;must-listen.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000001I0G', u"I put this on the other day, in between listening to Morecheeba's Big Calm and Nick Drake's Bryter Later.  Now I like all of these a lot, but I realised that I bought Reckoning as my first R.E.M. release 14 years ago.  It still moves me more than most things, it's still music I can immerse myself in totally.  A pefect album. Yet it is constructed back to front, the backing vocals are in front of the lead vocals and the bass carries the main melody lines.  It sounds weird yet makes perfect sense when you hear it.  And don't you just love the way they do Rockville almost to say, &quot;And this is how we can do straight songs when we feel like it - better than anyone else&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000006R59', u"International Velvet is the import to listen to! Since hearing the single &quot;Mulder and Scully&quot; on Zone 105's &quot;Across the Pond&quot; specialty show I have waited impatiently for this cd to make it to the States. &quot;Mulder and Scully&quot; is the perfect song to blast out of my car while waiting on freeway ramps (although &quot;Road Rage&quot; comes a close second!), &quot;International Velvet&quot; has me singing the chorus everywhere and I'm American! and &quot;I Am the Mob&quot; would have been the perfect theme song to the &quot;Godfather&quot; series. Ceryss has the most beautiful voice I've heard in a long time. As one of a few privileged Americans to live in a city (Mpls)that has a specialty import radio show that plays such outstanding bands as Catatonia, I feel it is my civic duty to encourage everyone to buy this disc and make it a hit over here."))
(5.0, (u'B00000I02E', u"Like many people, Weird Al brought me into the music world.  As my tastes grew to more mainstream music, I gradually, albeit reluctantly, sold my entire collection of Weird Al CD's with the exception of this one.  The CD collected dust on my shelf until just the other night when my friend and I were feeling nostalgic and stuck it in.  I was amazed at how much I remembered the lyrics and that they were still clever.  I almost regret selling the rest of my collection, especially Alapalooza.  This CD will remain on my shelf as a guilty pleasure for many years to come."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HEW', u"There's not much to add to the reviews already here...except to say that this is a must for any serious fan, and in terms of sound quality and amount of material, capturing a band in its prime, this has to be considered one of the greatest live releases of the rock era, and one of the two or three best &quot;hard rock/metal&quot; live sets. One thing that is nice to point out is that many of the &quot;And Justice For All&quot; songs really come to life on these live sets. There are great, really great versions of &quot;One&quot; on here, and a version of &quot;Harvester of Sorrow&quot; that truly made me appreciate the song. And Justice For All studio release was a bit lacking in production quality and you get the &quot;real deal&quot; on these recordings. I have some Metallica bootlegs as well which are great, but you can't beat the sound quality of these live CDs. Highest recommendation."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HMH', u"Some fans said Metallica sold out after Kill Em All. A larger number say that The Black Album was the Sell Out album. It is fair to say that Metallica has changed significantly from the thrash of the first four releases, and you can't really hold it against those who are disappointed with these changes. But to me, artistic integrity has to do with keeping things fresh. Metallica needed to move on musically, and I respect them greatly for continuing to push themselves. There is a big difference between selling out and exploring new directions. Load has some weak spots, but there are some truly outstanding songs. Some of them happen to be radio-friendly, but I judge a song on its merits. &quot;Mama Said&quot; is a country-tinged classic, a brave song to release given some of Metallica's intolerant thrashaholic fans. &quot;Wasting My Hate&quot; is a great, aggressive piece of work that stands up well against previous releases. &quot;Until It Sleeps&quot; is also a very ver! y good song, and like many of the songs on the this album reflects James Hetfield's growth as a songwriter and a lyricist. I wish more fans could respect the fact that as you grow older you need to keep things fresh. Load, in my mind does that, and while it is commercial it is markedly different than the Black Album. Load is not pretentious or calculated, and has a wide variety of songs. &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; is a very well constructed song, and &quot;Bleeding Me&quot; also pushes the envelope in a moody, introspective direction. The best songs on this album hold up very well, and while not everything on here works, it keeps the creative edge alive. Metallica shouldn't be like the Rolling Stones, putting out the same tired rehash every year. The band is changing, they don't care if every fan is on board. I respect that and I've noticed that the old stuff and the new stuff gets equal attention in concert and it all sounds good. Having said that, I am not a Reload fan. Thi! s is an album of songs that should never have been recorded!  or released, and in my opinion, was a copout. New songs should have been written and recorded, not just cutting room floor crud from Load. Thrash fans should stay away, but others will find plenty on Load to enjoy."))
(5.0, (u'B0000046TT', u"While no one denies Oscar Peterson's technical prowess,some critics throughout the years have dismissed his playing as shallow and showy. Consideration of this album with an unbiased ear will convince the listener otherwise. Sure,Oscar's impressive pyrotechnics are on display here,as would be expected. But until you hear Peterson's tender,Debussy-like rendition of Little Girl Blue,you haven't heard the other side of this legendary jazz pianist. It's simply wonderful,and it's Oscar's lyricism and use of harmony--not his technique--that grabs the listener on this cut. Bye Bye Blackbird is Peterson in full &quot;swing&quot;,and he proves here that he can swing on a level that few can approach. Tatum had even more technique,but he didn't force you to tap your foot like Oscar does. On Take the &quot;A&quot; Train, Peterson captures the feel of a big band using only the piano. As a pianist myself,I can only shake my head and smile as I listen to this (unfortunately) rare solo!  effort by one of the greatest jazz artists ever. If you want to know just how much feel and power can be elicited from a piano,you owe it to yourself to audition this album.  Kent Stallard"))
(5.0, (u'B000001ZCS', u"Looks like this CD has a lot more singles then the original vinyl LP had (maybe b-sides?).  Probably Soft Cell's biggest commercial success, Non-Stop contains all the seedyness and synthy clickity clack that made the band such a favorite with the crowd that &quot;dressed in black.&quot;  The huge hit that everyone knows is on this one (&quot;Tainted Love&quot;) and is so overplayed that most fans will skip it when listening to this.  True classic are the sad, tugging &quot;Say Hello, Wave Goodbye&quot;, the very desperate &quot;Youth&quot; and the anxious &quot;Bedsitter&quot; and &quot;Chips On My Shoulder.&quot;  Soft Cell used synths in a very funky way, different than other groups of their musical genre (Depeche Mode, Ultravox).  The Soft Cell sound contained on this CD usually is dominated by one or two very strong, simple synth lines with different types of percussion ranging from euro-disco a la 1980 to even a kind of 50s sock-hop-rock on a tape-loop.  The sound ! is dingy and lonely, but also alive with the sleaze of a blurry night, binging and bouncing from bar to bar."))
(5.0, (u'B000002H2H', u'This CD changed my life. The &quot;wall of sound&quot; production was just incredible, and still sounds fine. Metallica was still maturing as a band, and they have done great work since, but the best songs on this album, &quot;Fade To Black,&quot; &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Creeping Death,&quot; are still their three best songs in my opinion, and represent their three main styles through the years: ballads, groove-based heavy rock, and thrash respectively. &quot;Fade to Black&quot; saved my life and is one of the greatest rock songs ever recorded. Metallica fans who hopped on board later on are in for a treat!'))
(5.0, (u'B000001E8P', u"Okay, if I could have only three CDs for the rest of my life, this Pulp album would make the list without hesitation.  The music is so intelligent, so complete in its mastery of melody and lyrics, that I am still amazed even after owning it for over a year.  A true chef d'oeuvre.  Not to mention Jarvis' lyrics are not only smart, but amusing as well.  He is a gem.  Pulp is amazing.  They continue to mature.  Check out their previous album &quot;His and Hers&quot; and their latest album &quot;This is Hardcore.&quot;  Neither will disappoint and the intelligence and quirkiness shine through to reveal pure magic."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BRH', u"Crystal never ceases to amaze me with her unending talent. Her voice is so versatile. She can sing slow, mellow songs as well as upbeat ones. She sounds great in any and all styles of music!  Probably the best thing about her is that she doesn't sing to impress people. She sings to praise God, and that is quite clear in her music. Just by listening to the songs on her albums, you can tell that she puts all of herself into her music.  It is these qualities that make her the best female vocalist I've ever heard and make her music an absolute pleasure to listen to."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G62', u"I was skeptical when this album came out.  The 'Tuesday Night Music Club' was good fun and high quality but it has the slight whiff of being a bit premature, depressed and borrowed.  Although bouncy with a great hook and deft imagery, 'All I Wanna Do' sounds like a style copy of the 70's band 'Steelers Wheel' song 'Stuck in the Middle With You' (albeit equaling the original).  I received the 'Sheryl Crow' album as a '97 Xmas gift and it has seldom been off my CD player since.Sheryl's voice and first class arrangements sound fresh and vibrant!  Favorites are 'Hard To Make a Stand', 'Home' (one of the year's best songs in my opinion - with a first class music video to match perfectly catching a bittersweet and clear-eyed view of Missouri [I lived there for three years]) and 'The Book' (a nice twist on the Beatles 'Paperback Writer' with an original betrayed and confessional tone).  And who can't like the 'Everyday is a Winding Road'?  Every song on the album is keeper.!  Clear and direct poetry arranged to music....And mixing between this and the 'Tuesday Night Music Club' CD's make them both sound even better."))
(5.0, (u'B000005J65', u"I don't think Robert Plant or Jimmy Page were amused, but this collection of versions of Stairway to Heaven is great fun, has plenty of inspired moments, and a heap of good music. The idea started on a sketch-comedy show by a very clever Australian comic, Andrew Denton ... each week he would have a different performer on to do a musical number ... but each week, the song remained the same (apologies to Led Zep). Over the course of some 30 weeks, they managed to gather an absolutely amazing collection of performances of the Led Zeppelin classic, the best of which have been distilled on this CD. Some of the references may be lost on North American listeners: John Paul Young had a Big Hit in the 70's (early 80's?) with a dreadful (but irritatingly catchy) disco tune &quot;Love is in the Air&quot;, the sound of which is re-created here; Leonard Teale was a serious actor who used to have a sideline in reading classis Australian poetry; Barry Crocker, who appears with the ins! ane Doug Anthony All Stars (named after a conservative Australian politician), was a crooner of serious ballads until his &quot;transformation&quot; here. While the music on the CD is great, even better if you can find it (and I haven't seen it anywhere in the Bay Area) is the video, which sets the music to absolutely perfect recreations of the video styles used by the original artists. There are scores of absolutely wonderful visual moments ... but the CD captures all of the best musical ones."))
(5.0, (u'B000007V11', u"Hmm ... an Australian band which nobody outside of Oz has probably ever heard of, and an import CD (with commensurate costs) to boot.  All of which means that the chances of anyone reading this review are remote, but if by chance you've somehow got this far I urge you to continue, since I'm here to tell you that this CD would be a bargain at any price.WPA have been an Australian institution for about, oh, eleven years now.  Their rep. has been largely built on the strength of their live shows - sometimes their energy has made it onto the studio recordings, sometimes not.  The sound tends to centre around the standard guitars (often acoustic), bass, drums set-up, often augmented by fiddles, accordians and the like (which is not to say they can't rock when the need arises, merely that their subject matter often requires a somewhat stripped-down approach.  Call it Oz-roots/folk/rock and leave it at that.) They are best known for their single &quot;Fathers Day&quot; whic! h won an ARIA (the Australian music profession's equivalent of the Grammy's) for Song of the Year in the early nineties, but since then their sales seem to have been limited to those few who have kept the faith.Which is an injustice, because &quot;Riveresque&quot;, arriving unheralded and slipping from the airwaves with minimal fuss, was the album of 1996.WPA have always sung about the common man, and the theme of this release seems to be movement - moving house, moving States, moving on.  The list of treasures is extensive - the oddly named &quot;A Decent Cup of Coffee&quot;, which concerns itself with a meeting between ex-lovers in a small country town; &quot;For A Short Time&quot;, a touching tale of the loss we feel when distance terminates friendships in their infancy (and it's one of those songs which shows what an incredible perception of the human condition their lyricist, Michael Thomas, possesses); &quot;The Sound of a Train&quot;, a deceptively upbeat number!  dealing with memories of past joys, the lyrics of which ar! e almost too painful to contemplate; and &quot;The Lights of Devonport&quot;, a haunting, powerful song which leaves me awestruck and incapable of adequately communicating how a simple tale of escaping small town life could be so shattering, and yet so uplifting as well.And, of course, the band plays like they are invested in these songs, meshing as only a unit who has played together for over a decade can.  There is passion here, no doubt about it, and if they never truly rock out like they did on &quot;Difficult Loves&quot; it's because there's a good deal of regret as well.This album is the sound of daily life, and it connects with us all.  Miss it at your peril."))
(5.0, (u'B00000892H', u"The cd already starts with one of the liveliest tracks of the album; Patriots is the song and it lasts about forteen minutes, yet it will fascinate you every time again. A spicy mix of world music with the phenomenal bass-playing of Victor Baily (Weather Report) and the odd and hypermusical, quick sounds of the keyboards made by Joe Zawinul himself is what makes 'Patriots' a wild and never boring song. This is only the beginning of the cd.  Other songs like 'Bimoya' and 'Carnavalito' show that Zawinul is a virtuoso on the keyboards, knowing exactly how to mix world music with jazz. Very sensitive tracks like three postcards make the album perfect. Weather Report- Zawinul- and many other fusion-fans will certainly like the album."))
(5.0, (u'B000000865', u"If you love the classic,nostelgic rock of the Sixties as I do, you don't want to pass up this one for your collection! I have been searching for years for the CD replacement of this cut. What a pleasure to hear a great re-mix.  The cut &quot;Hot Smoke And Sasafrass&quot; had to have been one of the all time favorites for the &quot;garage band&quot;. With tight vocals that resemble such groups as Blind Faith, The Yardbirds, and the Moody Blues, one can certainly appreciate BP's effectiveness as part of the &quot;British Invasion&quot;.  The only dissapointment I encountered is in the label. It would be great if the re-releases would list the band members and (heaven forbid) the dates. Some of us can't remember that far back! (Must be a Sixties thing!)  All in all,I feel this a wonderful example of an era gone but not forgotten. Thank you for bringing back such fond memories.Thom Lantz, Toledo,OH."))
(5.0, (u'B00000283D', u"Will Rogers Follies is the brightest, wittiest, cutest show to hit the boards of Broadway in years. Its real Americana, wrapped loosely around the life of one of Americas' last real heros. Will Rogers, America's only Native American (Indian as we used to call um) Cowboy comes to life, finds happiness and romance and finally educates us about his untimely demise, while taking the viewer across the whole gammot of emotions. Everyone one should get off the couch, turn off the tube and come to life, the life of Will Rogers. I just can't say enough about how this show makes me feel. I love it. The music will make you tap your toes and feel great, like I do.  Ben Wheeler Pensacola Florida"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062UW', u"While most of today's music is cheap and musically uninteresting Eric Clapton keeps on making Music with a big M. I rarely buy an album of which I like less than 70% of the pieces, but this one is 86% great! He's done to the Blues what Buckshot Lefonque has tried to do with Jazz (and succeeded quite well). Some of the beautiful blues like &quot;River of Tears&quot; and &quot;Broken Hearted&quot; (in fact quite optimistic songs!) can evoke a tear or two. The one real nasty piece, &quot;Sick and Tired&quot;, is 100% blues! I'm still trying to find the exact citation from Aldous Huxley in &quot;Inside of Me&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062VP', u"I, like most people, heard many of the tracks of this wonderful CD on the radio long before I saw the movie. Recently, I saw the movie to which this is the soundtrack and haven't seen such a wonderful piece in a very long time. This beautiful music takes the feelings and emotions experienced in the film and brings them to your ears, as well as your heart. Sarah McLachlan's &quot;Angel&quot; is a song without compare, and is likely the best track on this CD. I loved the movie, and the soundtrack leaves nothing to be desired. Seth and Maggie's love echoes through each note."))
(5.0, (u'B000006C6A', u"I must say that sitting in South Africa, I'm a little bit new to this whole L.A. underground scene, but if this album is anything close to representative, then it confirms that hip-hop is about to take a quantum leap of the kind that jazz took with be-bop.  Everything about producer Mumbles' intricate, learned beats and Aceyalone's versatile technique is absolutely startling, but what really blew my mind was the sheer complexity of the lyrics-- hell, I thought he was just dropping words out of the dictionary until I gave it a few listens and realized that all of his meditations on the nature of time, death, perception and the struggle make a lot of very deep sense.  Hip-hop's in a new phase, but the question is whether it will end up being institutionalized by intellectuals or whether it will be able to lift the masses in tow..."))
(5.0, (u'B000006NO9', u"This CD showcases The Happy Goodman Family at their finest!  From the first track to the last, the selections on this recording are a treat indeed.  Of special note is Johnny Minick's rendition of HE SAID PEACE.  Another outstanding notable is the piano accompaniment on I BELIEVE HE'S COMING BACK.  Here, special guest Anthony Burger (of the Bill &amp; Gloria Gaither videos) really creates a special performance.  This CD is beutifully played and sung.  Howard and Vestal sing with the sparkle that we have all come to enjoy so much.  Truely a great doccument of Southern Gospel Music!  A deffinate &quot;must have&quot; for any Gospel Music fan."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OAM', u"I've been a huge fan of Natalie Merchant since I saw her open for Sting in Europe in the Spring 1996.  Not only was her voice beautiful, but I'd never seen anyone so full of JOY on a stage.  She sang and danced with reckless abandon, and pulled us into her mesmerizing music. Right away I bought Tigerlily and all 10,000 Maniacs cds.  For two years I'd waited for her latest, and was definitely not disappointed. The range of emotions she conveys in Ophelia is amazingly beautiful. I've seen her perform most of these songs in a benefit concert, and she sang with as much feeling as she did on the album.  As for Ms. Merchant, keep up the good work.  It is inspiring."))
(5.0, (u'1572523018', u'A great movie for the woman just who thinks that she is a lesbian, or for an audience who is interested in a lesbian &quot;Gone With The Wind.&quot;...the coming out issues are intriquingly true. Although to some the missing elements of women of color and gay rights is ommitted, the story still envelops all women...in all communities. The excessive drinking of the Claire character is a reminder of the writer/director Nicole Conns past life, and is necessary to show for the fact that this is the way Claire deals with her unhappiness in life.  Great scenery, great soundtrack, and above all, a cast that became a family on the set while filming the movie.  I had the pleasure of meeting Nicole Conn several years ago, and she is a delightfully charasmatic, strong lesbian that has really grown due to this movie.  It allowed her to throw away any demons she had in her closet, so to speak, and focus on the main issue, which was love:  sheer and utter love.  A great movie.  Keep!  up the good work Nicole!!  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000002J49', u'&quot;Lemonade and Brownies&quot; stands far above &quot;Floored&quot; in its pure ability to rock!  From beginning to end, Sugar Ray has packed this album with tracks that seriously get you moving.  Even though it starts out with some deceptively cheesy intro beats, it takes only about a minute to launch you into &quot;guitars center stage,&quot; and from there it only spirals upward.  With the inclusion of audio clips from the &quot;miracle&quot; of the 1980 U.S. Olympic Hockey victory near the end of the CD, &quot;L&amp;B&quot; can only be dubbed AWESOME.  The only song that really got any airplay from this album was &quot;Mean Machine&quot; (and its similarly hockey-based video), but if you want some tunes that seriously kick, count on &quot;Lemonade and Brownies&quot; to take you there.  Sugar Ray will continue to rock into the new millenium, and the fans who thought that &quot;Fly&quot; defined this band have a lot to learn!'))
(5.0, (u'B000007NC0', u"I'd buy 10 cds to find this one! Billy Bragg and Wilco have created the feeling that Woody Guthrie is alive and well and enjoying a little rock and roll.  Their use of Woody's lyrics with original music is still true to an evolving Woody if there could be one.  The music grabs you emotionally, hard and holds you through each cut.  It's riveting. The range is amazing from Woody in love with living cuts such as &quot;Walt Whitman's Niece&quot; to serious political tunes like &quot;Eisler on the Go&quot; that focus on the witch hunts of the '40s and '50s in a very human way.  And then there's what could have been a children's song--&quot;Hoodoo Voodoo.&quot; Who else but Billy Bragg with help from Nora Guthrie could have done this?  The album is a real album.  It's all there.  You can feel Guthrie writing 1000 songs in twenty years and then spending the next twenty years trapped in a deteriorating body in a state hospital.  Sadness but not desperation, Guthrie never gives!  up.  Bragg extends Woody's contribution by pulling music from the lyrics, many of them written after Woody realized he faced a horrifying disease. Whatever else you do, listen to Mermaid Avenue and love it!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000015JY', u"A soundtrack should evoke the mood of the film it is from.  The Usual Suspects soundtrack by John Ottman does that and then goes on to be a beautiful piece of art in and of itself.  This is the kind of music that is designed to make you close your eyes and watch the pictures unfold in your head.  The use of violin and piano is wonderful.  It is quite a change from oh, the Godzilla soundtrack :-)  The &quot;Main Theme&quot; (track 1) has a timeless quality, almost out of place for a violent mystery movie.  Bookending it nicely is &quot;Les Sons Et Les Parfums Tournent Dans L'Air Du Soir&quot; (track 24) by Claude Debussy, performed by Jon Kull.  And between...is the movie.  Highly recomended."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025FJ', u"Forever fighting the curse of being defined by a live album, Cheap Trick shows with Dream Police why they are much better than &quot;Live at Budokan&quot; could ever show.  The title song, &quot;Dream Police&quot; grows in stature with every listening.  Wonderful harmonic vocals, frantic yet structured drumming, replete with a exciting creschendo of violins that bursts into the final chorus.  Rick Nielson's musical knowledge/ability and songwriting talent are on full display throughout the album, and Tom Petersson turns in his best bass work, and does well on a rare vocal performance on &quot;I Know What I Want&quot;.  The album has a more personal style than most Cheap Trick albums, with songs and lyrics that will make you feel like you're on stage with the band during a concert tour.  Even some social commentary can be found here, in songs like &quot;The House Is Rockin&quot;, and the Jonestown Massacre inspired &quot;Gonna Raise Hell.&quot;  &quot;Voices&quot; will b! e sure to  please any ballad lover, and will appeal to most anyone.  This album is filled with wonderful orchestration, and is best described as Heavy Metal meets Beethoven, with a dash of youth and exuberance mixed in.  If you want raw energy with an orchestrated touch, you've got it."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025H4', u'This is the album that kick started Judas Priest into heavy metal. Before this album they played Bob Dylan style ballads and old Joan Baez tunes-badly! With this album they were playing live in Japan and boy did they ever unleash. The guitar riffs had bite, Rob Halford jazzed up the lyrics, and the thing absolutely rocked. I have had friends listen to this album over and over and could not get enough of it. This album kicked of heavy metal for Judas Priest and every album after that up to Screaming for Vengeance is awesome. Sadly any album before Unleashed and after Screaming is not even worth the time. This one though is unbelievably good-buy it.'))
(5.0, (u'0767808673', u"The Spice Girls prove yet again that they are able to conquer the world.  There popularity amoung pre-teen girls will support them and help them succeed for years to come.  Spice World in one of the few CDs I own where I know and enjoy every track.  The Spice Girls send a prowerful message in young girls, though you must look deep to find it.  &quot;Too Much&quot;, &quot;Stop&quot;, and &quot;Spice up your Life&quot; (the three singles so far released) are spunky, upbeat, and tempt the listener to sing along.  Even if the Spice Girls' next album is a flop (this may be atributed to Gerri's (Ginger Spice) leaving) fans will be impersonating the Spice Girls in lip-synk contests for years to come."))
(5.0, (u'B000001B2X', u'&quot;The Complete Sun Singles Volume 1&quot; is the first of six CD sets which collect all the single masters ("A" and "B" sides) released under Sam C. Phillips\' Sun and Phillips International record labels. Sun fans should hear every volume in the collection; there\'s no better way to follow the rise and fall of Phillips\' recordings. But for anyone familiar with the handful of Sun/Phillips International hits like "Blue Suede Shoes," "I Walk The Line," "Great Balls of Fire," and "Raunchy," and an interest in hearing more, only a few of the volumes are essential listening.Volume 1 is essential. It covers Sun\'s Blues years (1952-1955), features Elvis Presley\'s five Sun releases, and showcases the roots of the musical amalgamation of Rhythm &amp; Blues with Country &amp; Western that first came together behind the walls of 706 Union Ave. in Memphis, Tennessee to create Rock and Roll. Also included are all the songs released on the short-lived Sun Records subsidiary, Fli! p. Although most listeners will be familiar with songs like Rufus Thomas\' "Bear Cat (The Answer To Hound Dog)," Elvis\' "That\'s All Right" and Johnny Cash\'s "Cry, Cry, Cry," they shouldn\'t overlook the great recordings of Joe Hill Louis, James Cotton, Doug Poindexter and Charlie Feathers, as well as the first two singles by Carl Perkins, that are also in this volume.The nature of &quot;The Complete Sun Singles Collection&quot; says it all: if it was released under the Sun or Phillips International label, it will be on one of the collection\'s six volumes. With that sort of criteria, the listener can expect to hear some songs which would otherwise have no place on any collection (take a listen to Buddy Cunningham\'s "Right Or Wrong" on Volume 1!), as well as others which ought to appear more frequently (Charlie Feathers\' "I\'ve Been Deceived"). Of the sets in &quot;The Sun Singles Collection,&quot; Volume 1 stands out as one of the best, a thoroughly listenable collection for Su! n enthusiasts and novices alike.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001B2Y', u'&quot;The Complete Sun Singles Volume 2&quot; is the second of six CD sets which collect all the single masters ("A" and "B" sides) released under Sam C. Phillips\' Sun and Phillips International record labels. Sun fans should hear every volume in the collection; there\'s no better way to follow the rise and fall of Phillips\' recordings. But for anyone familiar with the handful of Sun/Phillips International hits like "Blue Suede Shoes," "I Walk The Line," "Great Balls of Fire," and "Raunchy," and an interest in hearing more, only a few of the volumes are essential listening.Volume 2 is the most essential set in the collection. It covers Sun\'s Golden Years (1955-1957), when Sun was the label that set the musical trends of the future. These trends are heard in the featured hits of Carl Perkins ("Blue Suede Shoes," "Matchbox"), Johnny Cash ("Folsom Prison Blues," "I Walk The Line") and Roy Orbison ("Ooby Dooby"), as well as in the strongest Rockabilly of Billy Riley, Sonn! y Burgess and Warren Smith.The nature of &quot;The Complete Sun Singles Collection&quot; says it all: if it was released under the Sun or Phillips International label, it will be on one of the collection\'s six volumes. With that sort of criteria, the listener can expect to hear some songs which would otherwise have no place on any collection, as well as others which ought to appear more frequently (Ernie Chafin\'s "So Lonesome" is one of the greatest gems on the set!) Volume 2 has the distinction of being the one volume that lacks a forgettable song. The material in this set was recorded during Sun\'s most innovative and hit-laden period, so it\'s no surprise that its track listing reads like a Greatest Hits collection. This is the stuff that defined Rock and Roll, and neither the Sun enthusiast nor the listener with a casual interest in Sun recordings should be without &quot;The Complete Sun Singles Volume 2.&quot;'))
(5.0, (u'B000002BY8', u"He's done it this time. Mike Watt has really done it. He's gone and captured the arc of life in the day of Watt--from early morning waking coffee beans and bike ridin' anthem rock heart-pounding guts through the day and on into contemplative late night musings, darker, murkier and ALL, ALL underscored by the tHUNDERBROOM! Ballhog or Tugboat was a beerbash, all friends over to mess up your place and take a shot at the mike for a tune, but this!!!!  &quot;Contempating the Engine Room&quot; is Watt's magnum opus . . . to date, to date  (always hoping, we are,for future shots of genius from the one and only master of bass)."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WEA', u"I love this album, although I am a bit upset about the omission of &quot;Boy From the Country&quot; and &quot;Today&quot; from the CD. Unfortunately, my vinyl version of this album is all scratched up, so I can't listen to them anymore. *Sob*Sniffle* John Denver was one of the few musicians in the world who actually sounded better in concert than on his recordings - which to me is the proof of a true musical artist. (Don't get me wrong...he sounds great on his recording, too!) The songs are, by turn, beautiful, funny, and heart wrenching. The comments made between tunes are priceless. A must have for any true John Denver fan."))
(5.0, (u'B000005X15', u"The first sound on Ratcity in Blue is drummer Joe Franco's rim shot on &quot;Does It Make You Feel Good&quot;.  It's a slap in the face, a wake-up call to anyone not willing to get up and party.  For forty minutes the music rarely lets up, as this &quot;greatest unknown band in the world&quot; takes you on a joyride down their Long Island Expressway of Rock and Roll.  Leader (and Lead Singer) Peppi Marchello writes the lyrics and the music for the Rats.  His songs are witty societal observations that continue to sound great (and hit their mark...) twenty years after the album was first released.  Peppi's writing hits topics as diverse as Hitler's last thoughts, Walter Cronkite, one night stands gone wrong, Hollywood Tough Guys, and free love 70's style.  The music is straight-ahead rock and roll, with some occasional jazz-tinged melodies and solos.  A great studio band, The Good Rats were even better live.  They were known for playing incredibly tight sets, ! reproducing complex album arrangements at very high volume.  Ratcity in Blue contains some of the best harmonizing you'll ever hear from a hard rock band.  In fact, their harmonies and excellent musicianship set them head and shoulders above many of the heavy metal posers that fell to the wayside in the 70's and 80's.  To that end, Peppi still plays these songs around the northeast with his new lineup of Rats.  As a friend once told me, &quot;They're Kiss, Rush, Cheap Trick and Spinal Tap all rolled into one!&quot;  For those of us who lived through the 70's, you know that this is high praise, indeed.  Buy this album!  It is great rock and roll that'll make you want to turn the volume up to eleven..."))
(5.0, (u'B000006041', u"Everytime other groups try to maximize on the current trends and fads, They push me closer to soon to be classics such as this.  Guru's rhyming, and subject matter are always on point.  DJ Premier...  What exactly do you expect from one his albums- phat and precise beats.  Who can challenge him?  Diamond? Rza? Nobody.  This is Hip Hop in a simple formula- An actual DeeJay who does his own scratches and mixes, and an Emcee who can talk about more than clothes and cars(he can do that too).  The guests (especially M.O.P.) are off the hook too.  So those &quot;Puffy-heads&quot; needing 15 instrumental B-sides form the last decade will be upset, but may learn a lesson from Premier.  Sample the obscure, and not the obvious, and you still come off."))
(5.0, (u'B0000001BA', u"When the Beatles called Harry Nilsson their favorite group, they weren't kidding. The evidence is right here on &quot;Harry&quot;...the multitrack vocals, the voice that goes from a dark rumble to a crystal soprano. It's worth hearing.One benefit of this album not having been released on CD with the rest of Harry's catalog is that now we get several excellent bonus tracks; the standout is the extremely rare &quot;I Will Take You There&quot; from the obscure movie Skidoo. But every song on this album is beautiful. Harry even does the definitive version of the Beatles' &quot;Mother Nature's Son&quot; that blows the original away."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062UW', u"When I had to give this album a rating, I almost gave it a subjective four stars.  I thought, if every song on the album was perfect, I'd give it five stars ...  But then something struck me.  This album is so radically different, so truly new, that it deserves a five star rating.  How many artists have ever been able to reinvent themselves as successfully as Eric Clapton?  Very, very  few.  And I'm not judging his success by the album's rating on the charts, or how much money he'll make off of it.  Eric's career is so well established that it's written in the stars.  I'm judging his success by the songs and workmanship on the album itself.  His voice has grown to fit him, and his vocal range is astounding, especially after going back and listening to his early vocal work with The Bluesbreakers, Cream,  Derek and the Dominoes and Blind Faith.  Yes, his guitar work is subtle on this album, but subtle like the brush strokes of Michelangelo on the Sistine Ceiling.  Volume ! isn't everything, sometimes softness can be more powerful.  &quot;River of Tears&quot; is a song for anyone who has ever suffered a loss.  Go someplace quiet and just listen to it.  It will wash over you like a gentle hand, wiping your pain away.  And that's what this album is really all about.  Clapton discusses it in the Pilgrim tour book, how most of the songs were inspired by a recent love he lost.  Music, to Mr. Clapton, is a means of healing.  &quot;Circus&quot;, a song he wrote about his son Conor, proves that Eric is still healing from the loss of his son, and probably always will be.  But there are high volume songs on this album, too.  &quot;Sick and Tired&quot;, a Clapton-penned blues rocker is an electrified tribute to the Texas Blues of Jimmie and Stevie Ray Vaughan.  Clapton's playing on this one is absolutely jubilant.  And &quot;She's Gone&quot; is pure Clapton dynamite.  Just listen to it.  Basically, Eric took a chance and laid it all out for this album. He t! urned a page, and tried a new musical direction.  His sound!  is still there, but it has somewhere to go other than backwards.  And though the songs are heavy and often sad, they're ultimately an exercise in moving on.  Eric Clapton has had the blues, but he's making music about them.  That's what it's all about."))
(5.0, (u'B00000636C', u"I thought this CD really gave a lot of hope to young women all over the world.  Not only does this celebration show great artists like Sarah Maclachan, Paula Cole, and Lisa Loeb, but it also introduces us to new artists that are just as good as anyone else.  That's why I think that this CD is one of the best you can get.  Some of the songs have helped me to understand my life a lot better.  And this year, Sarah Maclachan has invited new and equally wonderful talent to join the show.  These include Erykah Badu, Missy Elliot, and many more.  Lilith Fair is really a celebration of women who deserve to speak their mind.  The women are from all different cultures that come together to show the world that women are equal with men.  And this CD really portrays that."))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"&quot;No need to bare the weight of your worries here, let them all fall away.&quot; How true this statement is when refering to &quot;Before These Crowded  Streets.&quot; The first time I listened to the album I was swept away. Dave's use of different instruments and a departure from the style shown  in &quot;Crash&quot; and &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming&quot; makes this album by far their best. Such lyrics as in &quot;The Dreaming Tree&quot; that go &quot;Now progress  takes away what forever took to find&quot; are what makes this album so magical. I would recommend this album to any music fan. This band will  go down in history with &quot;The Beatles&quot;, &quot;The Grateful Dead&quot; and &quot;Pink Floyd.&quot; I personally own every album that the band has every released.  For first time listeners I would recommend either &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming&quot; or &quot;Live at Red Rocks.&quot; Get swept away in their lyrics and  musical ability. That is ho! w I came to love them and now I am a die hard &quot;Dave Head.&quot; Happy Listening."))
(5.0, (u'B000006AKD', u'From the first notes of "Fields of Gold" to the closing notes of "Over the Rainbow," this is a recording to treasure.  No matter what material she chose -- and her range could be eclectic -- she always made it her own.  And no matter how many times you may have heard "Autumn Leaves," she made it new and fresh.  She could wail without losing her musicality and no one, but no one could caress a lyric like Eva Cassidy.  Her passing has left a great ache but, thanks to a handful of recordings, not a complete void.  The devotion she inspired from fans and other musicians tell you all you need to know about her as a person.  "Songbird" tells you all you need to know about Eva Cassidy as an artist.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002J4K', u'Lore is one of those rare works that combines all of a band\'s strong points. From their trademark layered vocals to a new more, say contemporary beat, on \'From Your Heart\'.The true highlights, though all are very well crafted and produced songs, are \'Croi Croga\', which was suppose to be on the "Braveheart" sound track, but was pulled before release. It\'s a wonderful chant filled song that would have fit well into "Braveheart". \'Bridge that Carries Us Over\' is truely a haunting song that speaks of learning to compromise with others and in different situations. \'From Your Heart\' has one of the most beautiful piano sections that I\'ve ever heard. It\'s very simple, but very moving as well. This song also has the funky little beat in it that is somewhat unexpected, but works. \'Alsadair MacColla\' is a traditional Scottish walking song and is brillantly done. \'Trail of Tears\' is about the Cherokee nations tragic journey into oblivion. \'Dealramh Go Deo\' i! s almost an acapella type song with their wonderful layered vocals.Overall, a superb CD and probably my favorite, of the more contemporary vain. I highy recommend to anyone who wishes to give Clannad a first listen or a veteran fan.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002J4R', u"This is one of the best debut albums ever! Donna's sweet and carming voice can relax you or make you want to get up and dance! &quot;Without Love&quot; with it's fast steady beat is a great opening song! &quot;Mother&quot; is a beautiful blend of loving admiration and alternative pop! &quot;I Love You Always Forever&quot; is a soft, romantic love song, but with a cool dance beat! &quot;Agenais,&quot; my favorite song on the album, is a soft delicate song about a fantasy land. It sort of reminded me of the planet Uriel in the book &quot;A Wrinkle in Time.&quot; &quot;Fool's Paradise&quot; is a fast paced song about how love can sometimes be a burden. And &quot;Silent World&quot; is a touching song about dealing with death, but still holding on to the memories. This is a must have for any music fan!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002HOF', u"Have you ever wondered what it was like to be spinning inside the head of an insane genius at the peak of his insanity and creativity?  Well, probably not, but if you find yourself wondering what the soundtrack to such an event would sound like, then you should check this album out.  The tracks move along at such dizzying paces that you don't have time to catch your breath throughout the 45 minutes that he has a hold of your throat.  Each song has its own, unique cheesy melody to accompany often non-rhythmic beats that would be utterly impossible to dance to.  That's why this album is the anthem of the sanity-free: the music grabs ahold of you, and you want to do something like dance to it, but you can't.  You have to sit there while he's rummaging through your brain breaking everything he can find, rendering you helpless to breathe, think or move for 3/4 of an hour.  The only downfall of this album is that it's not longer."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VDL', u"As a child my mom borrowed a bunch of children's records from our local library and taped them for me to enjoy on the 6 hour car ride to my grandmother's house. Free to be You and Me was, and still is, one of my favorites.  By mixing cute sketches and snappy songs I was always entertained, and I think that Marlo Thomas' theme of gender equality and universal friendship has done a lot to shape me into a confident woman.  I cannot remember a time in my life that I thought that I should be intimidated by boys.  Sure, the majority of my attitude was shaped my my homelife, but  positive messeges carried by music do have a ton of staying power.  I still remember, 15 years later, all of the words to every song and sketch.  I only wish that kids today absorbed more of those images, instead of all of the violence and aggression that they see nowadays."))
(5.0, (u'B000001B0X', u"Alertnate album takes featuring Bob Dylan and Ravi Shankar, the complete tracks from two of Hester's out of print Decca albums, an insight into the recording of different versions of songs in the days when studio tracking was a lot simpler than it is now-all this plus a liner notes booklet with lots of infomation and comments from Hester and others about her own career and the folk music revival. This is by no means a recording of historical interest only.  It's a vibrant collection by a great singer, which stands on its own as well as providing a base for understanding what Hester is doing with her music today, and the work of the many artists-Dylan, Nanci Griffith, Emmylou Harris, the Kennedys, Rory Block among others-she has touched in her career."))
(5.0, (u'B000001DFT', u"Lucinda Williams is with out a doubt one of the best singer/songwriters many people have never heard of.Her voice is distinctive and entrancing. Lafayette has a definate cajun rhythym without being 'cajun music'.  Impossible to not dance, so avoid playing it in the car.Lucinda is known as an artist who will do it her own way which has not helped her career but is a godsend to her fans.  You won't hear what the suits think you should hear; you will hear Lucinda.To my mind the only female artist recording to day to compare with Lucinda is Mary Chapin Carpenter.  While I am a great fan of Ms. Carpenter, after listening to 'Happy Woman Blues' I realized that Lucinda is the REAL THING.If you can get it I suggest ordering 'Happy Woman Blues' - or any of her other recordings - NOW."))
(5.0, (u'B000005P5O', u"My favorite tunes on this disc were &quot;Yundah&quot; and everything by Connie Dover. This chick has lungs like Volkswagens and vocal chords to make angels weep. Especially tasty were Connie's bits of genuine Manx Gael woven between English and Latin. Versatility probably is too weak a word to describe her talent, but she has loads of it, as demonstrated in an Irishman's lament over missing haycutting time back home on the moor. The entire disc is wonderful, but I have to listen to one artist at a time to really absorb it because their styles are so diverse. Still, it's decidedly Celtic, down to the tinwhistle and bodhrain. Buy it. You'll love it."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S77', u'My Alphaville collection is FINALLY up to date when I bought this CD and although SALVATION is the most recent album they have released (at the time of this entry), I have to say that it was well saving the best for last and THAT was a HARD choice to make. It is a diverse album full of suprises and experimental sounds for Alphaville. There are songs like &quot;Ivory Tower&quot; that is every AV-fans dream (trust me-I know what I am saying). There up-beat songs like &quot;Apollo.&quot; Songs to make you think, songs that make you cry, songs that are for fun and songs that make you dream. Buy this album and you will be very glad you did!'))
(5.0, (u'B000007TE8', u"The Beasties' latest offering serves up yet another eclectic sampling of their musical range. Where else can you get to hear MixMaster Mike (of San Francisco's own Invisibl Skratch Piklz), Cibo Matto's Miho Hatori, and Luscious Jackson's Jill Cuniff, as well as one of the Boys SINGING, all on one album? The variety of songs on this CD are as endless as a Las Vegas buffet. One need only listen to Ill Communication's  &quot;Sabotage,&quot; &quot;Heart Attack Man,&quot; and &quot;Sabrosa&quot; to understand what I mean. It is this stark difference in musical styling within the same CD is what I love the most about the Beasties; for sure, their intent is to not let the listener become complacent and &quot;comfortable&quot; with strictly hip-hop or punk rock grooves. They want to keep their listeners on their toes. And believe me, they do.Favorite tracks: All of the tracks with MixMaster Mike, &quot;Song for Junior,&quot; &quot;Electrify,&quot; &quot;I Don't Know,&quot; ! and of course, the deliciously addictive &quot;Intergalactic.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000007TFB', u"Howard Jones new album has all the right ingredients that make a great pop record, a nice mix of muscial styles and well written catchy songs that linger in your mind. Check out the acoustic guitar pop song &quot;Tomorrow is Now&quot; which was co-written with Jane Wielden formerly of the Go-Go's, a perfect song for summer. &quot;Everything&quot; is a reggae groove song and features Stewart Copeland on drums. Of course Howard always writes beautiful ballads as in the songs &quot;If You Love&quot; and &quot;Sleep My Angel.&quot;  Howard seems to be the eternal optimist, his lyrics always have a positive uplifting message, such as in the songs &quot;We Make the Weather&quot; and &quot;Let Me Be The First To Know.&quot;  Howard has been evolving with each album and this one is a fine turn, showing he is an artist not to be missed. &quot;People&quot; is one fine pop album for the people."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009UW', u"An unexpected gem from the master of the unexpected, Elvis tackles the world of country music with this strange record, recorded in Nashville by Billy Sherrill. The lead track, a raucous version of Hank Williams' &quot;Why Don't You Love Me (Like You Used To Do)&quot; presents a more typical Elvis for that time period than the rest of the record, but &quot;Good Year For The Roses&quot; and many of the rest of the cuts are a lovely compromise between the earlier Elvis and the balladeer he has matured into. Sorry about that sentence, i get a little excited. The liner notes here are also worth a stop, chronicling Elvis' bizzare journey into America's heartland."))
(5.0, (u'B0000027L0', u"The Spin Doctors' album &quot;Pocketful Of Kryptonite&quot; is sure to amaze and appeal to most people of even mediocre musical taste. This, their first studio album (and their most successful), gives the same bite as their legendary performances in the bars and smaller musical establishments of New York City. Buy it! Play it! Loan it to friends! You won't regret it! If you've heard &quot;Two Princes&quot; or &quot;Little Miss Can't be Wrong&quot; or even if you haven't buy it, there is more to this band than those two songs. This is a worthwhile financial investment (I even bought 2 of them!!). Have fun!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000027RL', u"The least of which aspects is lyrics. &quot;Smarter than metal,&quot; remarks the Marxist critic, tapping his ruler on the cd -- but I disagree; Metallica easy grasps lyrical execution on their eponymous album to a Shakespearean level (&quot;Judge not; lest thee but judged yourself&quot;?). Pearl Jam, on the other hand, smoothly runs their music evenly interwoven, something that Metallica has just recently mastered, and has yet to truly make use of. This album is shot-through with great songs, the least of which is &quot;Jeremy&quot; followed closely by &quot;Evenflow.&quot; &quot;Deep,&quot; &quot;Black,&quot; and &quot;Release&quot; are almost Floydian (for those philistines out there, that's Pink Floyd) in its grungy musical perfection, and the first two overshadow the rest of the songs on this album. The only thing that could improve it is a segue theme throughout."))
(5.0, (u'B000008USI', u"I have been a true fan since I first heard Adam Duritz.  People mock me for loving them and his voice(Who knows why?).  I remember when I was watching the VH1 Storytellers, saying that I wish that they would put this on a CD because it was simply amazing how good they are live and acoustic.  I do agree with one of the other reviewers about the second CD and how they tried to &quot;rock out&quot; too hard and it didn't work.  They simply aren't a &quot;rock out&quot; band and I like it like that.Like I said the Storytellers CD is great, I can't stop listening to it. I don't know what they did to &quot;Have You Seen Me Lately&quot; but that is my favorite on the album. Mr. Jones, Rain King and Round Here are also great. I'm not sure where I heard or read this but Adam said that they were only going to play songs that really sound different played live and acoustic. That is really going to help out this live album more than other groups because often the live either sou! nds the same as the original or worse. That is not the case here at all.The secoond CD is live any concert that you might have gone to. I couldn't get to the concert in Columbia, MD but I taped the concert off the radio (The station broadcasted it live and tape delayed). The MTV Live From the 10 Spot sounds very much like that, including the order of the songs.Somehow the people that produced the CD's make you feel like you are actually there. Either in the room with the VH1, or at Hammerstein Ballroom with the MTV CD.If you are thinking about getting this CD, stop thinking and get it, you'll love it."))
(5.0, (u'B000008USI', u"An interesting twist the Crows have taken on this double CD.  Including many of the same songs on both discs all but insures that many of the more passive music fans will decide against purchasing this collection.  Alas, that is not the focus of the musicians behind this moving production.  In what is essentially a gift to fans, the Counting Crows have created an album that captures the full range of their capabilities.  Adam Duritz never abandons the trust he seems to have established with his listeners on the many modified versions of the band's most popular songs.  Although the music on the tracks changes significantly on the acoustic first CD, the spirit behind the songs doesn't.  &quot;Mr. Jones&quot; still possesses the emotion packed into the electric version, and &quot;Have You Seen Me Lately&quot; is suddenly altered from its pointed tone to an introspective ballad.  Needless to say, the first CD is truly memorable.  On disc 2, if you have never been to a Count! ing Crows concert, you are given a taste of the energy which the Crows bring with them to the stage.  The rapport between musician and fan is obvious on this CD.  The adrenaline and emotion expended on &quot;Murder of One&quot; and &quot;The Rain King&quot; are testaments to the dedication this band puts into their work.  Allow yourself to listen to the alterations in the songs with an open mind, and realize that only honest musicians with a vested interest in providing their absolute best for their followers would make such changes.As you anticipate their 3rd studio album, enjoy the growth and evolution of the Counting Crows illustrated on this project."))
(5.0, (u'B000009D17', u"If you are not familar with the Iceland band the Sugarcubes this is the perfect introduction to them, however you may be familar with the singer in the band known as Bjork. This compilation picks all the best songs from their 3 albums. Of course they did disband a few years ago, but all the twisted fun is still there. Their music is part indie-rock meets art-rock, snakey bass rhythm lines entwined with bouncy guitars and melded with the vocal gymnastics of the incredible Bjork. &quot;Birthday&quot; is the song that made them known to the world, the song weaves all over the place with an offbeat charm, not to mention the strange and twisted lyrics that make you wonder what's really going on.  &quot;Motorcrash&quot; is a song that is pure bliss, it has a feeling of being on the freeway going nowhere. Einar another vocalist in the Sugarcubes is more of an emcee, he mostly speaks in a demented way while Bjork sings, but it has a rather colorful effect, like in the song &quo! t;Regina&quot; and &quot;Deus.&quot;  One of my favorite tracks is the gorgeous &quot;Planet&quot; which shimmers like afternoon sun on the water. The song &quot;Hit&quot; grooves nicely a song from their last album &quot;Stick Around For Joy&quot; and Joy is what you should get listening to this Sugarcubes collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VKC', u"I was first introduced to this recording in the middle 70's. At that time,the popularity of Dawg music was yet to come into its own(Grisman), I had never been a Dead fan or heard much of Vassar's haunting fiddle. I was familiar with Bill Monroe and the Bluegrass boys, but not with Peter Rowan (although he would later become one of my favorites). But, I found this album to be representative of the essence of what makes Bluegrass music great. A blending of various styles and musical backgrounds with Bluegrass accoustic instrumentation and harmony. Being from upper East Tennessee, the musical style felt right with my mountain roots and the contemporary adaptation satisfied the tastes endemic to my generation.  In the intervening years, becoming  more of a serious Bluegrass fan and musician, I would often revisit this ecclectic recording armed with what I felt was a more refined idea of what good Bluegrass should be, expecting to be less than I remembered. My newly refined ! taste did not reveal inconsistencies as I expected, but revealed nuances that I had missed before in the musicianship, harmonies and blending of these talents. Although I would not consider this to be an archetypical Bluegrass recording, it is certainly a significant event hinting at the Second Generation re-interpretation that we have today in contemporary Bluegrass. I would highly recommend it as being worthy of inclusion in anyone's collection. This landmark will be around for a long time."))
(5.0, (u'B000007OIP', u"Each album by Mint Condition just keeps getting better and better and this compliation of their greatest hits proves this statement correct.  Finally there is an R&amp;B group in which the members not only sing beautifully but also write, produce, and play all the instruments for their music themselves(a far cry from the creative-less Sean Puffy Combs and the used to be talented Teddy Riley).  It is a shame that Perspective and A&amp;M Records do not invest more into the marketing of this group because when the smoke clears only groups like Mint Condition will be left standing. Stokely's vocals can make a woman take off her clothes.  However, the rest of the band(Jeffrey, O'Dell, Larry, Keri, and Ricky) add so much to the group with their writing, playing, and harmonzing, that without their contributions, Stokely would not sound half as good as he does.  It is a definitive album for R&amp;B lovers and a sure fire hit to create a romantic mood."))
(5.0, (u'B0000049Y6', u"If there is any justice in the world, this band will someday become HUGE. Mantione is the kind of guy who performs like his life depends on it. (I hear that during a show at the 40-watt, he tripped backwards over an amp in mid-solo, fell on his butt, jumped back over the amp to the front of the stage again, and never stopped rocking.)Anyhow, on this record you'll find tightly produced power pop that makes you remember why you used to wish that your teenage years, for all their torture and tears, would never end. Wounded souls, LOUD rock'n'roll. They'll live forever."))
(5.0, (u'B000005DCB', u"After buying so much music for so long, I have slowed and taken to only buying things that really impress me or reach out and grab me for whatever reason.  This one did both!  I only managed to hear 2 minutes of the first track at a store once right before a movie...  But what I had heard stayed on my mind and stayed right through the movie....  I don't even remember what Movie I had gone to see!!  I ended up back at the store the next day, check in hand and grabbed one of the last 3 copies the store had.  Since then I have also bought Semantic Spaces, the Euphoria single and will be adding Morpheus soon.  This CD has lasted longer in my CD player and has already been played more (in it's 5 weeks in my possession) than nearly any other CD in my extensive collection!  I have infected my entire circle of friends with this and now they all own it too.  Muahaha!  I want to convince Delerium and Nettwerk to release the videos on videocassette and then I will be supremely hap! py!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000WEX', u"From the Introduction to the Ending I LOVE this CD.  Janet has once again OUT DONE herself.  She has much more confidence in herself. (WATCH OUT MICHEAL)  She expresses it through this CD.  I'm quite sure everyone can relate. Every song I can relate to, even some friends that I have, I let them listen to certain songs, (You, Free Xone). This album is so meaningful.  The concert was even better, July 9th Wash., DC.  I lost my mind. Janet has matured so much. From being a shy little girl, except for inmitaing Mae West, to a BEAUTIFUL BRILLANT, GORGEOUS, VULUPOUS, INTRIGUING, SEXY  WOMAN.  If you saw David Letterman you would have seen that.  Tina, Shawn, Nikki the whole crew was wonderful. If you don't like the album and can't understand I advised you to get to the concert ASAP.  JANET IS AWESOME......SHE GOT ME TIL DEATH DO US PART! ......2 NIGHT'S THE NIGHT......KEEP IT REAL....FREE XONE. WE ALL HAVE A SPECIAL NEED TO FEEL THAT WE BELONG. MISS BOOTY IF YOU EVER READ TH! IS, JUST REMEMBER YOU GOT A FRIEND IN BALTIMORE. MUCH LOVE TO YOU, RAINBOW"))
(5.0, (u'B0000014VO', u"Donna Fargo was HOT!  She sold millions of copies of her records. Her song writing rivaled that of Dolly Parton and Loretta Lynn.  Her songs did one of two things: they either made you just down-and-out enjoy life or they musically transported you into a deep realm.  The 18 songs contained here, in what could easily be called The Donna Fargo Story will delight you and leave you wanting more.  She can be the ulitmate optimist (The Happiest Girl) or the epitome of soul deep devestation (Manhattan, Kansas).  She can tease her man (Superman) and haunt her mother (You Were Always There).  She's a lonely woman in love (Just Call Me) as well as a woman still developing emotionally (Little Girl Gone).  She is inspirational (You Can't Be A Beacon) as well as patriotic (U.S. of A.)  Donna Fargo is many things here - and not a single one of them is one that you should miss!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000014VU', u"Sammi Smith hit it big with HELP ME MAKE IT THROUGH THE NIGHT.  Sadly, although many recognize the song, they couldn't tell you who sang it.  And that is their loss!  Sammi Smith's earthy, emotion filled voice rivals Tammy Wynette and the haunting musical presentations here will be with you always.  Sammi Smith seldom did &quot;simple songs&quot;.  As the material here reveals, the songs that she brought to life were complex, powerful and emotion packed.  Starting off with the despair of HELP ME MAKE IT THROUGH THE NIGHT, Smith sings of the inability to let go of love (HE'S EVERYWHERE and THEN YOU WALK IN0, the slow burning desire (I'VE GOT TO HAVE YOU) and even dips Wynette-like with a kid-classic (FOR THE KIDS).  When you listen to Smith sing about a lost childhood in RAINBOW IN DADDY'S EYES as well as lost love in THE TOAST OF 45, you will feel each beat of the music in your soul. Her cover of Merle Haggard's TODAY I STARTED LOVING YOU AGAIN was touted as the best re! cording of the song.  This could easily be said for her version of LONG BLACK VEIL as well.  It's just too bad that Sammi Smith never became a superstar.  We would be a lot better off with we had a lot more of her material to mesmerize us.  Sammi, as the song says, I MISS YOU THE MOST WHEN YOU'RE RIGHT HERE on my stereo!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y4R', u"The other day while I was driving, I was listening to Plug's &quot;Drum and Bass for Papa&quot; and I found myself cracking up.  I thought, &quot;You know, this guy's really funny, he's so.....agro-like.&quot; It's like, what exactly is he trying to convey with his music?  What is Plug doing?  And why?  Some of the songs are so amazing, like &lt;maker of all&gt;, it's like drinking Jolt, running, swimming, playing badminton, loosing a game of chess, and solving a word problem.  Next to his good friend Aphex Twin, (special note: I'm not actually comparing him to Aphex) this guy has to be one of the most crazed psychofunked musicmaking soul-brothers out there. Directions: Listen to his music once daily for emotional balance and eat Doritos simultaneously.  Please clean ears before listening. Thank you."))
(5.0, (u'B00000200L', u"Tonio K., aka Steve Krikorian had been kicking around LA, playing with what was left of the Crickets(of Buddy Holly fame) for years when his angry take on the world suddenly fit with the punk movement of the late seventies.This is not teen angst, it's a 30-year-old's angst. He backs up the anger of the era with literacy rare for what was then a punk album. Taking his name from a Thomas Mann story (Tonio Kroger), K. would play off the Dadaists for the next few years, until he was struck down on the road to Damascus.H-a-t-r-e-d is one of those perfect songs, quotable to a fault, that, once heard, will always be remembered. &quot;How come I can't see you in my mirror?&quot; is the weakest--a love affair with a vampire (pre-Anne Rice, of course), and little more than a gimmick song. In between they are all gems, including a special guest appearance by Joan of Arc.These songs are all angry, but there is a humane and sad quality also. There are smacks of his later ! conversion here, but he is far too smart to be preachy.If you've not heard of this record, once you play it, you'll always wonder why not.Amerika, the next LP, is almost its equal. The later albums lack the wit and the anger(they often go hand in hand.) They are not bad, though, with Ole being the best."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025CY', u"It's a fairly old album (released in 1978) but it would be one of the famous ten albums I'd carry to the lonely island. Perfect rhythms, a great groove, beautiful choir parts - whoever listened to ASIA and doesn't know Toto doesn't know where the roots are. The album culminates in &quot;Hold the line&quot; (now WHO doesn't know this one?) but the album has several other highlights: There's &quot;Child's Anthem&quot; or &quot;Girl Goodbye&quot;, a groovy and rocky title, on the other hand you can listen to songs like &quot;Georgy Porgy&quot;, a pure easy-jazz like song, and songs in the real 70's pop tradition."))
(5.0, (u'B000002N8B', u"I had the pleasure of seeing Eric Benet in concert a few months ago and I was blown away.  I had followed his career from his guest appearance on Jeff Lorber's jazz hit &quot;Say Love&quot; but nothing could prepare me for his on stage performance.  He sings beautifully live(unlike many singers today), exudes confidence and sensuality on stage and has a very down to earth personality.  Women were going crazy(I was leading the pack) and men were busy taking mental notes on the finer points to romancing a woman.  Eric's voice captivated all of us. So if you think his album is good, you haven't heard anything 'til you've seen him in concert."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VSY', u"I suppose if you had to have just one Eric Carmen CD, this would be the one. Ever track is  classic EC and a good sampling of songs throughout his career, particularly the singles. Be advised that this disc is contagious.  A couple of listens and you're going to want more, in fact all 4 Raspberries albums, and all 6 solo albums. Eric Carmen is the most underrated and misunderstood singer/songwriter/performer of his time. His infectious melodies are custom made for the most expressive voice in the biz. This disc goes along way to demonstrate EC's versatility, effortlessly moving from scorching rockers such as &quot;Tonight&quot; and &quot;Go All the Way&quot; &amp; &quot;That's Rock and Roll&quot; to smooth as silk ballads such as &quot;Boats Against the Current&quot;, &quot;Desparate Fools&quot; and the famous &quot;All By Myself&quot;. Take a listen and you'll be amazed. The liner notes are great. This guys got class, and boy can he write, sing, and play."))
(5.0, (u'B000003S2Q', u"&quot;not for everyone&quot; may be a big understatement regarding this particular work. The approach is twofold: self generating music systems (applies to the two pieces in the album) and &quot;side-music&quot;, that's something you may hear not as background or foreground, but as context, where you can get in and out. This particularly applies to Discreet Music itself, a rather long autogenerated piece of low tones and humms that sounds even today rather forward-looking and eery. The second piece, the Three variation on the Pachelbel Canon, are more foreground music, and requires some liking of classical music but a _very_ open mind for the kind of alteration that's been done. It may sound a little fishy at the beginning (half an hour of tones???) but in conception and execution, it's brilliant. And the Variations are beautiful."))
(5.0, (u'B000005J08', u'John Zorn is a sort of enigma to most people.  Prior to actually finding a Zorn record I had heard of him only in passing.  When I did actually plop down my hard earned sheckles I found something that was far more deserving of a full blown holiday than a mention in passing.  John Zorn may be one of the greatest improv artists of our time and should certainly be placed in the ranks of Miles, Coletrane, Parker, and Monk.  The album Naked City for instance is a Harcore/Grind/Jazz/Movie Theme catastophy of which may very well cause you to not only change the way you listen to music but buy every John Zorn album soon after you listen to it.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002K9N', u"You will truly appreciate Frank Sinatra's amazing talent when you listen to him performing live and at the peak of his capabilities. Add in Quincy Jones, the Count Basie Orchestra, Frank's &quot;tea break&quot; monologue, and the sound of clinking drink glasses in the Copa Lounge, and you have a must have CD. Oddly enough, I listened to this CD for the first time while driving to Las Vegas. As Frank briefly talked about the rebuilding going on at the Sands Hotel (remember it's 1966), I half imagined that I would see the famous landmark as I reached the outskirts of Vegas. Sadly, the Sands and Mr Sinatra have been replaced, but both will live on in this remarkable CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KDS', u'This is a must-have album (cd). Period. Nothing else quite captures the dark and surreal world of Alice like this one. Truly their finest moment of songwriting and performing, following the rawness of 1970\'s "Love It To Death" but before the slick commercialism of 1972\'s "School\'s Out" (and each album thereafter). There are a few "pop" songs, like "Under My Wheels" and "Be My Lover" (both of them excellent), but the real gems are the longer progressive ones like "Halo Of Flies", "Dead Babies" and the title track. My favorite is probably "Desperado" \'cuz it\'s such a beautiful and powerful tune and never fails to conjure up vivid images of the old west. I like all of the Coop\'s albums but this one stands out above the others for creative genius, excellent songwriting and overall coolness. It\'s one of only a handfull of rare albums that always sounds fresh and exciting even after decades of listening. My question is... when are the bigwigs gonna digitally remaster the Cooper catalog? I hope it\'s only a matter of time \'cuz I\'m jonesing for this one to get the treatment.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000061N4', u'Next is the E was probably the single that catapulted Moby into the limelight. Techno was young, the rave was rebelious, and teenagers were getting caught up in the hype. Next is the E provided a song to dance to, but did not follow the traditional &quot;octave slide&quot; that characterized the American techno of that period, nor did it cater to the musical assault phenomena known as &quot;Dutch Hardcore Techno&quot;. It was a one of a kind single, although attempts have been made to immitate it. Any DJ could reintroduce this to a group of Dance House Teens and receive a favorable response.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S0', u"Great quality songs and well balanced rythm. This CD brings again Jimmy Page and Robert Plant to the top quality music as they did with Led Zeppelin. After No Quarter, this is truly a solid album, Plant with a softer, but powerfull voice and Page with great guitar moments. Songs like Most High, When the World Was Young, Heart in your Hand reminds us that there's still good music over there.  The last song, Sons of Freedom is very Led Zeppelin style, although you should forget about Led in this album, this is Page &amp; Plant. Combining several styles of music they did a great job mixing exotic sounds from arabia with rock and blues. All in very high quality sound. One of the best albums I bought this year. Great!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006XI0', u"I'm very happy to see that the Original London Cast recording of &quot;Cats&quot; has been re-issued!  There are good things in the Broadway Cast CD, but I believe the London is superior overall: Brain Blessed is the definitive Deuteronomy, Elaine Paige gives a superb rendition of &quot;Memory&quot;, and we hear Sarah Brightman's singing debut(!)  I also enjoy this recording for the portions of the show that were cut from the Broadway and subsequent versions: some lyrics from &quot;Bustopher Jones&quot; and &quot;Old Deuteronomy&quot;, the middle verse of &quot;The Addressing of Cats&quot;, and the elusive &quot;Ballad of Billy McCaw&quot;.  In all, this very first-ever recording of the show is a must-have for all &quot;Cats&quot; fans!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000PJS', u"This is an amazing album. From the first song, which Ann Hampton Callaway co-wrote with Cole Porter (no small accomplishment), to the rest of the selections which span the great American songbook, the performances and arrangements are superb. Ms. Callaway's original composition of &quot;Perfect&quot; is a true inspiration lyrically and musically. Her performance of &quot;How Deep Is the Ocean&quot; by Irving Berlin is quite possibly the definitive version of this wonderful standard, infused with a breathy emotion and fire and longing. &quot;Our Love is Here to Stay&quot; by George and Ira Gershwin is joyfully rendered, with charm and intelligence. Ann Hampton Callaway's ability to arfully handle phrasing and nuance of meaning and emotion resounds in every song in this collection. She is a wonder, and this group of songs is impressive and heart-stirring. What a joy! Ann's voice calls up memories of Sarah Vaughn, Billie Holiday, Ella Fitzgerald, and even Barbra Streisand-! -so varied and rich is it in this offering. If you truly appreciate vocal music, add this to your collection, dim the lights, light a few candles, and share Ann Hampton Callaway with someone you love."))
(5.0, (u'B000000PK1', u"Ann Hampton Callaway offers a full menu of romantic songs--many original compositions--with the voice of a seasoned chanteuse who has known romance and loss and love regained. From her lilting original composition &quot;Music&quot; to her soft and delicate rendering of Kander and Ebb's &quot;A Quiet Thing&quot; to her hushed good-byes in &quot;I'll Be Seeing You,&quot; Ms. Callaway displays a vocal range with a generosity and depth rarely encountered. The title song &quot;Bring Back Romance&quot; with its exhortations for &quot;soft conversation and slow dance&quot; and &quot;ways to say I love you without speaking&quot; and &quot;the promise of warm passion&quot; is a marvel of romantic song-writing and vocal interpretation. This album sets the mood for a night of intimacy with your significant other. Ann Hampton Callaway brings back romance with her lush voice, stirring performances, and happy sharing of her heart. This one is a winner."))
(5.0, (u'B000009CZM', u"This CD really shocked me in that it lived up to the high expectations I had for it from the start. The production on this whole album is tight, except for perhaps the DJ Quik track and the irritating Krayzie Bone Track. 'Protectors of 1472', with Snoop, JD, Warren G, and R.O.C. rapping over a DJ Premier track, is amazing, as is 'Money Ain't a Thing,' 'Turn it out,' 'Sweetheart,' and 'Fresh.' The complete package is of a very high caliber, and on the contrary....JD is a very capable rapper in his own right. This album will no doubt become one of the hottest of the summer and the whole year. Bravo!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H72', u"Quite simply, a masterpiece of American indie rock.  The sheer intensity and angst that oozes from Black Francis just blows you away, and the superlative musicianship of Kim Deal, Joey Santiago, and David Lovering complements Frank's frenetic style perfectly.  For a group so oddball and intense, it's amazing how catchy the Pixies were.  This is most apparent on Doolittle - it is an album with absolutely no flaws. Doolittle doesn't bother with any filler; the fifteen songs cut right to the chase and every line, every note is essential to the songs and an enjoyable listening experience.  Listen carefully, or you might miss something!  Though Here Comes Your Man, Debaser, and No. 13 Baby are my favorites, every song is mesmerizing.  Doolittle is the type of album that I can listen to time and time again and not get bored - it sits in a prominent place in my collection. Doolittle stands along such albums as Murmur and The Queen Is Dead as the best of the 1980's. I would pay 10 times what I paid to own a copy.  Buy this album and introduce yourself to one of the most underappreciated bands in music.  You won't regret it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IT2', u'Where do you start with Little Earthquakes?  A stunning emotional masterpiece on every level, it never ceases to amaze and rivet the listener.  Every turn of the album makes you feel the pain and joy that Tori felt during the writing process.  Experience after experience is chronicled with journalistic detail and feeling.But not only is the album beautiful and emotional, it grooves, too.  &quot;Crucify&quot; has a beat you can feel throughout, while &quot;Precious Things&quot; just plain rocks.  All of this plus more emotions than any mortal should be able to cope with.  Not just an album.  An experience that will take you deep within your conscience and asks you &quot;When you gonna make up your mind?&quot; and &quot;Why do we Crucify ourselves?&quot;  Absolutely an album to blow your mind.'))
(5.0, (u'B000007O7F', u"If you're looking for an &quot;unplugged&quot; version of a dreary little song from a one-hit-wonder, 90's band that grovels and whines about the rain in Seattle -- DON'T BUY THIS ALBUM!  This is a full-force, kick in the pants that is reminiscent of a time when V8 engines ruled the streets of the America, beer was guzzled out of a can and music was made with Les Pauls plugged into Marshal stacks.  Dave is definitely back.  He's older and a little bluesier, but he has belted out some great rock n' roll.  I didn't say that this album was fresh and innovative.  Far from it.  It's tour de force of a genre that celebrated a good time and knew how to have fun.  Let's hope that Dave stays on track and continues to deliver more albums like this.  We all need it."))
(5.0, (u'B000004AW0', u"Victoria (or Vic, as she refers to herself) has built a reputation as a quirky, joyful (though aware of her mortality) singer/songwriter from rural Louisiana.  Swing the Statue is a presentation of her range in lyrical and musical forms.  From the Prince-evocative &quot;Boogieman&quot; to the campfire spiritual &quot;Holy Spirit,&quot; to the O'Connoresque narrative of &quot;Tarbelly &amp; Featherfoot&quot; and the mystical &quot;man who walked bridges&quot; in &quot;Weeds,&quot; this CD is the best introduction to the future Vic friend.  &quot;Friend&quot; is a more apt term than &quot;fan,&quot; as Vic is also known for her accessibility; she tends to &quot;show up&quot; outside before her concerts, just hanging around in a toboggan &amp; chatting with whomever she bumps into.  Anyone with affinities for Julie Miller, Mark Heard, Vic Chesnutt, Flannery O'Connor, or Michelle Shocked needs this recording."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ALT', u"I had pretty much ignored the &quot;Rent&quot; phenomenon because of the massive over-hype campaign at the time of its opening (I mean, jeez, a Bloomingdales boutique of &quot;Rent&quot; clothes?) until I broke down and saw it in Chicago.  After that, my tune changed, but let's not kid ourselves.  &quot;Rent&quot; is Broadway show tunes through and through, not the brave new world that the critics made it out to be.  There are shades of &quot;Godspell&quot; and &quot;Hair&quot;, etc. all the way through it, and there are numbers (e.g., &quot;Tango Maureen&quot;) that are so firmly Broadway, with a capital B, that would be laughed off the stage in the East Village.  Further, these characters are as true to the East Village, well, if perhaps if they had all gone to Brown or Exeter.  Plus there's the ludicrous ending...Those major quibbles aside, &quot;Rent&quot; is a great show (aside from the clunky &quot;Seasons of Love&quot;) and I'm surprised to find that I play it regularly. Many of the most charming, poignant and/or funniest moments come from the songs which are not the MAIN ones (e.g., &quot;Light my Candle,&quot; &quot;Sante Fe, etc.&quot;].  The &quot;Over the Moon&quot; performance number is excruciating and you'll run for the fast forward button on your CD player.  If you have a chance to see the actress/actor known as only as &quot;Simone&quot; (Nina Simone's daughter) play Mimi on the road, don't miss it as she blows away the chick who sings the role here.  All of this griping aside (which comes mostly from a &quot;let's not kid ourselves attitude cause folks, this are show tunes here&quot;, it's a great score and I highly recommend this."))
(5.0, (u'B0000011ON', u"I absolutely LOVE Matthew Fisher's vocals on  this CD!! His voice has a unique ethereal  soulful quality and the Best falsetto I've  ever heard Anywhere! There are some great  tunes as well -- standouts are &quot;Running From  Your Love,&quot; &quot;Baby Can't You Feel My Love,&quot;  and &quot;Why Can't You Lie to Me&quot; -- this last  sporting a very creative brief quotation from  Bach's &quot;Minuet in G.&quot;I do miss his Magic Touch on the Hammond  organ -- and am so sorry that he himself has  been without a Hammond for the last 25  years.. He lent his Hammond, on which he  created the immortal organ melody of &quot;A  Whiter Shade of Pale&quot; to Brooker &amp; Reid (of  Procol Harum) in the early 70's, after which  it was stolen and never replaced. Brooker and  Reid still owe Fisher a Hammond -- as they  owe the success of That Song to Fisher's  crucial and inexplicably uncredited  contribution to its music.I think the best way to listen to this lovel! y  CD is to concentrate on Fisher's gorgeous  vocals and beautiful melodies, tuning out the  synths and the orchestration, or imagining  them replaced by his late lamented Hammond."))
(5.0, (u'B00000165I', u"A few months ago, CBC Toronto FM played some selections from this album, while I was cooking dinner.  I was immediately caught by the magic of this music; the clarity of the voices, beautiful accoustics combined the soprano saxophone weaving through the music.  I recognized some similarities with Paul Winter in the saxophone, the organ and the chorus. But the focus on this album is on the superb voices of the small St. Jacob's Chamber Choir, combined with the soprano saxophone, organ and piano trio.  The vocal and instrumental selections and arrangements are superb.  Midway through the broadcast my wife came home and had been listening to the same program in the car. She was equally mesmerized by this music.  If you are a mature music listener, this record is for you.  It goes way beyond the relatively raw productions of the Mahalia Jackson variety and  some of the recent records of the Montreal Gospel Choir, which I find much better than most of the material coming o! ut of the US deep south.  &quot;Deep River&quot; for mixed choir and soprano saxophone is stunning  and so is &quot;Amazing Grace&quot; for soprano saxophone, organ an piano.  The musicians are a mixture of European and American musicians, with impeccable credentials in the classical as well as the jazz repertoire.Tyne Bonebakker Kleinburg, Ontario Canada"))
(5.0, (u'B000001ELJ', u'I agree with one of the other fans. Most people tend to say Ace\'s CD is the best solo effort.  Well, he can\'t sing. Paul CERTAINLY can. He can also write a much stronger, complex and certainly less forced piece than Ace (or Gene and Peter, for that matter). Most importantly, Ace couldn\'t write a good lyric for his life (Just a hint ACE, "Not ever line has to rhyme!") Anyway, back to this CD. Tonight You Belong to Me is a fantastic song. And the fun never stops until the CD is over. The one thing a listener will notice, is the dated recording techniques and guitar sound. However, this is true of all four solo efforts. In any case, the song-writing here is strong and this album REALLY rocks. Ain\'t Quite Right, Together As One, and all the rest are great.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001ENQ', u"I grew up listening to many of my parents 78rpm records.  One of my favorie singers was Georgia Gibbs.  I loved her soaring voice and the way she was able to tackle any type of song - rock, country, ballad, ect.  As opposed to many female vocalists of the 50's, Georgia Gibbs was versitile. For many years, I searched for more records by Georgia Gibbs - and this was not an easy task.  I was able to find many of the songs on this album, however the condition of the records was usually not very good.  This CD from Mercury Records is FANTASTIC! &quot;Kiss Of Fire&quot; is, without a doubt, a classic.  Just as classic are &quot;Tweedle Dee&quot; and &quot;Dance With Me Henry&quot; - although there are many who feel that these two songs were stolen, Georgia Gibbs versions of these songs are perfect and, upon listening to them, it is hard to take anything away from the quality of her work.  &quot;I Love Paris&quot; is sung perfectly, with little fanfare. You could listen to &quot;I Want You To Be My Baby&quot; a hundred times and not tire of it.  &quot;How Did He Look?&quot; is full of longing - but again, not overdone.  Just enough to make you feel a little lump in your throat. Georgia Gibbs is the most underrated female vocalist of the 1950's and I applaud Mercury for putting this collection together.  If you are in the mood to listen to a truely talented artist, one whos voice knows few limits in terms of style and emotion, this CD is a perfect fit.  I hope Mercury issues a Volume 2 and some of the other labels Ms. Gibbs has recorded for will take heed and reintroduce Her Nibs to a new generation."))
(5.0, (u'B000002W6D', u"This is the Scorpions at the peak of the first phase of their careers.  This album proves that they could rock hard with the best of them, as well as lull you under the spell of some extremely accomplished heart-wrenching ballads.  The playing and vocals are faultless; the songs come at you one after another with Beatles-esque perfection, leaving you gasping for more once the album's over.  There's no point in mentioning highlights, as this whole record is a rollercoaster ride of pure hard rock energy.  Classic is not the word - the Scorpions have bestowed upon us an collection of top-class songs. Most tracks on the album have appeared on any number of their greatest hits collections, and that must mean something.  If you're out for some early teutonic commercial heavy metal that's fun to listen to and catchy as hell, then check out this, as well as any other of their early to mid-period albums (try 'Fly To The Rainbow' for a more progressive feel, or 'Trance's successo! r 'Virgin Killer' for an even heavier assault on the senses). At any rate, this is superior stuff your ears will thank you for."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WZ3', u"These are the songs on the &quot;flip&quot; sides of our 45's and on the extended play 45's with four songs on them...an economical way for teeners to attain an extensive record library of our favorite singers in my day!  Though Elvis'voice expanded and became more versatile with training and age, there is something so remarkable and innocent about his voice in the beginning.....no fancy mixers or backgrounds...just simple old Negro jazz and country songs.  I loved his voice then and I love it now.  I never thought I'd ever hear these songs again except in my head!  My personal favorite? ..&quot;Rip It Up&quot;..I still sing it every Saturday night!  Travel back in time to our innocence with this recording."))
(5.0, (u'B000000EET', u"Ca, c'est une belle claque ! Ca, c'est la pochette live d'un groupe live qui mouille sa chemise et qui n'reste pas planqu&eacute; derri&egrave;re ses claviers &agrave; se demander l'heure qu'il est.Alors Frost, a n'vous dit rien ? Et Dick Wagner, alors ?-Non ? Pas LE Dick Wagner ?...Si... LE Dick Wagner de &quot;Rock n roll animal&quot; et de &quot;Lou Reed live&quot;, LE Dick Wagner de &quot;peter gabriel #1&quot; et LE Dick Wagner d'Alice - welcome to my nightmare - Cooper.Les choses &eacute;tant mises au point, cet album de Frost est &agrave; classer dans la cat&eacute;gorie de ceux qui savent ce que rock'n'roll music veut dire ! Et puis, dites, vous croyez qu'on peut avoir un &quot;We gotta get out of this place&quot; en commun avec le Blue &Ouml;yster Cult sans qu'il y ait de la part de ceux-ci comme un vibrant hommage, hmmm ? Ah bon."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009SM', u"Probably my favourite (or one of several favourite) FZ albums.  If you like his humour, his musical vision, his whole warped outlook on life, then this album is for you.  It is loud, raucous, multi-layered, and extremely accomplished, and features the most technically brilliant musicians he every played with.  The entire album plays like a party in your mind where the whole neighbourhood's invited.  There's just no words to explain the way you feel after hearing some of the harmonies on songs like &quot;Inca Roads&quot; or &quot;Florentine Pogen&quot;, or the highly charged head-banging rock and roll of &quot;San Ber'dino&quot;.  The vocals on this record are unparalled, and the whole package is full of band in-jokes which are fun to listen to anyway.  All in all, this is an energetic masterpiece which commands your attention throughout.  If you wanna hear Zappa at his best, whip this one on."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009TI', u"This album (originally released in 1988) features the musicianship of Zappa's last touring band, who were the best ensemble he's played with since his peak era in the mid 70's.  BTHW is one of three albums featuring this incredibly talented group of players, and the material contained within involves a great deal of political/religious satire of the late 80's.  This CD re-release contains a large degree of extra tracks not found on the original record, and the whole package is well worth your money.  The album flows rather nicely, and the sharp, no-holds-barred humour is well complemented by the tightness of the playing.  On this release, Zappa steps back and lets his cohorts (Ike Willis, Mike Keneally and co.) take centre stage with their jabs at the culture of the times.  The whole thing is recorded live, and the recording quality is excellent, but then again, it's a Zappa album, and who wouldn't expect great sounding stuff from this technical genius.  In a nutshell, this is great entertainment, and probably the most accessible of his three late 80's big-band releases.  The harmonies are brilliant, and the atmosphere of the whole show is uplifting and lighthearted. Highlights IMHO are &quot;Elvis Has Just Left The Building&quot;, the beautiful ballad &quot;Any Kind of Pain&quot;, the pseudo-rap &quot;Promiscuous&quot; and the epic closing track &quot;Jesus Thinks You're A Jerk&quot;.  Well worth a spin!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KFJ', u"L'Album de Black Sabbath que vous devez poss&eacute;der (wharf !) absolument si vous tes fan de Blue &Ouml;yster Cult. Superbe d'un bout &agrave; l'autre et faites gaffe &agrave; ne pas retrouver avec l'ersatz sur lequel figure un titre live en plus. Non seulement, ce dernier gche tout, mais encore vous prive-t-il du chant a capella qui figure sur l'album vinyle original et qui vaut son pesant d'ail !!!  R&eacute;-&eacute;coutez les riffs -qui n'ont jamais &eacute;t&eacute; aussi lumineux- de Tommy Iommi, entendez-les d&eacute;crire comment vous essayez de vous d&eacute;sengluer de la mare au Diable dans laquelle vous vous tes invit&eacute;s bien seul(e)(s). Vous tes bon(ne)(s) pour les sables mouvants et c'est si bon. Un album jouissif !!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KIK', u"Forget the lukewarm reviews; if you love the early-to-mid-period Sabbath, then you must get this album!  It's production is sharper than their previous releases and the mood isn't as dark. The vocals are mind-shattering, and the synthesiser work found on most tracks brings a new touch to the transient band's sound.  Check out the menacing intro to &quot;Johnny Blade&quot; with Bill Ward's 'go-gettem' drumming.  &quot;Junior's Eyes&quot; is a brooding yet beautiful song.  Heck, I don't know what it is about this album specifically, it's just a great collection of songs on the whole.  Don't get me wrong - it's no Paranoid or Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, it's still a hell of a good record.  On the whole, it's a satisfying portrait of Ozzy's last stand with the ground-breaking doom-metal band he rose to fame with.  I highly recommend this album - the foursome's final voyage together.  Additionally, it seems as if Tony Iommi - guitarist and only remaining original member - took t! his album's title a little too seriously.  Black Sabbath is still around, but they're not a shade of what they used to be.  Get &quot;Never Say Die&quot; and remember them for the great stuff they gave us when Ozzy was with them."))
(5.0, (u'B00000637U', u"Formerly released around  1980 on 8 vinyl records as a special set and very hard to find today, finally we have a CD version of some important historical works of Elvis.  The most important recordings here are the 1960 Benefit for the USS Arizona in Honolulu, the ONLY live concert Elvis did between 1958 and 1968. Also the only place you can hear the &quot;lost recordings&quot; including &quot;America the Beautiful&quot;. Elvis got the inspiration for recording this song while watching the American POW's from the war in Vietnam on TV while they were landing on US soil. (source: Dick Grob, Elvis' top security man).  Also touching is the segment &quot;Elvis at the Piano&quot;, not the usual Top 10 Elvis, but just a man and his feelings. Outtakes from the movie recordings and performances from Las Vegas in 1956 and in the '70's are also here but have previously been released on other CD's. A great 4 CD package!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OSW', u"Ben oui, quoi, des sous. Il en faut pour ses disques &quot;at home&quot; de world music. Alors, des sous, il peut en r&eacute;clamer &agrave; ceux qui, sans vergogne, se sont fait du fric avec son nom et qui s'appellent Collins, Rutherford et Banks qui, s'il porte bien son nom, doit pouvoir fournir &agrave; notre Peter bien-aim&eacute; ce dont il a besoin pour une grande tourn&eacute;e mondiale qui, si elle passe par Lille, ne manquera pas d'attirer Paulo et son Kaou... Question musique, nous pourrions croire que nous sommes dans la mme veine que &quot;So&quot;. Certes, si nous songeons &agrave; &quot;Diggin' in the dirt&quot;, nous ne sommes pas loin en effet de &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;. Mais c'est pour mieux nous emmener vers &quot;Kiss that frog&quot; que l'Ange de tous les possibles choisit des raccourcis &eacute;difiants de tristesses et de d&eacute;sarrois simplifi&eacute;s tels que &quot;Come talk to me&quot; et &quot;I love to be loved&quot;... Mais nous passerons volontiers de &quot;Us&quot; &agrave; &quot;So&quot;,  et r&eacute;ciproquement, nous en ferons 2 albums de chevet pendant une nuit et plus si affinit&eacute;s. &quot;If in doubt, consult your dealer&quot;, lisait-on dans l'temps..."))
(5.0, (u'B000009D1S', u"I found this to be Candlebox's best effort to date.  The album reminded me of a 90's version of early Led Zepplin without sounding like a sick little Zep clone.  The band goes from heavy to light with skill and careful thought.  If you're looking for a typical 90's band grovel and whine - this album isn't for you.  This album has guts and powerchords. I thought I was relegated to buying &quot;greatest hits&quot; albums from the true rockers of the late 70's and 80's. Candlebox is a 90's band that has broke away from the whimpy-whiny 90's pack.  &quot;Happy Pills&quot; is a true rock effort.  It's dark.  It's heavy.  And it fills me with confidence that rock isn't dead."))
(5.0, (u'B000007QX3', u"If you like traditional Irish music and the Chieftains, buy this CD immediately! You will hear both the past and future of this music as the tracks take you through jigs, reels and ballads with spontaneity, improvisation, and energy that are rarely captured in a recording.  This album was made by the Chieftains when they accompanied various Canadian artists in impromptu sessions called &quot;kitchen parties&quot; (hence the title &quot;Fire in the Kitchen&quot;), and the selections have a freshness and edge to them not found in well-rehearsed studio recordings. This CD is the equivalent of an Irish music &quot;jam session.&quot;  The instrumentals are foot stompers incomparably done in the Chieftain tradition, but I especially was struck by the vocals.  Laura Smith's lamenting rendition of &quot;My Bonnie&quot;  breathes new life into what I had always considered a school child's song. When Rita MacNeil sings &quot;Come by the Hills,&quot; you'll be ready to pack!  your bags.  This CD presents new music in the old tradition. You can see this music's future here, and it looks bright!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000017QN', u"I have an incurable addition to this music. I listen to it time and time again, never tiring of it and always wanting to hear it once more.  I heard it for the first time while reading The Life of Samuel Johnson by James Boswell. Sedona Suite crept into my mind and made itself part of my experience with Dr. Johnson and Boswell. Later, while listening to the music without a book in hand, I could see vividly the two companions walking the streets of London, conversing with friends in various drawing rooms about town, and writing letters to one another and other friends. Some selections from the CD, such as &quot;More than Words&quot; and &quot;Suite Memories,&quot; bring to mind the lively, emotional banter of the period. Other selections, such as &quot;Free Spirit&quot; and &quot;Sonata in G Minor&quot; (both very classical in nature), made me become one with the mind of Dr. Johnson during some of his many moments of deep cerebration and emotional turmoil.  What I found later, after listening to Sedona Suite in other settings and in other moods, is that the music is so intriguingly adaptable and rewarding in its ability to blend into changing environments and its almost magical way of evoking sublime emotions and graphic visions.  I know that Mr. Barabas' inspiration for Sedona Suite were his visits to Sedona, Arizona. He must have experienced some awesome emotions and incredible insights. The music he found upon viewing the natural wonders is remarkable in itself. It is a wonderful drug."))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y5Z', u"NIN's The Downward Spiral is the major album of all the NIN CD's.  The Downward Spiral is like the sound track of a homicidal maniac.  It kicks off with hardcore songs about self destruction and no longer giving about anything.  Then it shifts to a antigod mood where songs depict how god was made up and then we shift again...  Again we shift to mood where a song brings down the harshness of betrayel.  Then another mood shift where a song talks about a persons transition from a caring perspective into a totaly alien form.  Another shift after an explosive track then settles down into a really peaceful yet sad felling song.  Right after that the industrial noise pounds back into your brain pulsating you into a downward spiral and then it settles down into quietness.  This album is so mooded it is impossible to listen to it all at once.  Every time you listen to The Downward Spiral it really changes you.  You might even listen to it and relate to a couple songs that come so close to your life its scary.  The Downward Spiral is a part of every NIN fans collection.  Before you buy any other NIN albums buy this one!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GYI', u"In 81, when I was 15, I bought Computerworld. Instantly, I was seduced by the band's aesthetic. And others were two. This is the album that Bambaataa sampled, that helped birth electro, hip-hop, house and all the other post-rock genres.But why is it so affecting? Partly it's the brilliance of the *sounds.* Sounds I'd never heard anywhere before juxtaposed with found Speak &amp; Spell voices and Casio VL Tone presets (also used on the Human League's 'Dare'). The lyrics are also  classic Kraftwerk. Spare, direct and almost hysterical with softness, they are the antithesis of the commodified ROCK swagger of macho lies. Computer Love is the most beautiful love song ever, even if it's only indirectly about humans.In 1998, this album still sounds fresh and inspiring where electronic music from last year sounds stale and hollow. Only Kraftwerk could ever do that. And this is their finest work."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MY3', u"There are people out there who say that Alanis Morissette is just whining; her songs aren't that good, her voice grates, and who wants to hear her problems anyway?  I think those people should take a closer look.Co-written though the lyrics may be, the feeling is real.  She's expressing herself in a way that is good for her and the people who listen to her music.  When you're angry, there's nothing more satisfying than angry music.I'll concede that Alanis' voice grates, but it is raw, untrained, and powerful.  I like it that way.  You could say it contributes to the overall tone of her music.Who wants to listen to Alanis whine?  Anyone who wants to feel better about the way their life is going.  Anyone who wants to think about what she's talking about.  Anyone who wants to release anger.  The question is: who *doesn't* want to hear her whine?So take a moment.  You have the CD; listen to it and think about it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AEN', u"Mississippi John Hurt is the Steely Dan of Delta Blues - his rough and raw lyrics are spread over beautiful technically-fluid music.  It takes you by surprise!  His music actually mines more folk than blues, as &quot;Aint No Tellin'&quot; and &quot;Candy Man Blues&quot; show.  Still, his gangster ballads &quot;Stack O' Lee&quot; and &quot;Louis Collins&quot; cut as deep as any blues from that time.  &quot;Got The Blues (Can't Be Satisfied)&quot; is the grandfather of the Rolling Stones' like-titled song, and it's devestating.  If you find gravelly-voiced, guitar-string-busting Delta Blues not to your taste (or even if you do),  you'll like this album!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002YM3', u'I ENJOYED LISTING TO THIS CD SO MUCH THAT I JUST ORDERED ANOTHER ONE FOR MY MOTHER.  WHEN IS WAS A LITTLE GIRL MY MOTHER WOULD PLAY THE CLARK SISTERS AND OTHER GOSPEL GROUPS AND WHAT I REMEMBER THE MOST IS THE JOY &amp; UP LIFTING VOICES THESE SISTERS HAVE.  I AM HIGHLY RECOMMEMDING THIS CD AND FOR THIS PRICE EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE IT.  PLAY IT ALL DAY, EVERYDAY.  WHEN YOUR FEELING UP OR FELLING DOWN.  THIS CD IS FOR EVERYOPNE.  I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO LOCATE &quot;THE BEST OF&quot; CLARK SISTERS AND WAS NOT ABLE TO DO SO. I WAS PLEASE TO FIND IT ON AMAZON.COM MUSIC.  I HAVE ALSO ORDERED THE CLARK SISTER GOSPEL CD &quot;MIRACLE&quot;......'))
(5.0, (u'B000002P6I', u"I bought this CD because I've been a true diehard Sammy fan for years.  After his abrupt split with VH, I wondered how he would sound solo after being with the group for 12+ years.  Well this album proves that the red rocker is not only back, but he delivers with the drive and intensity that he had back in the Montrose days.  This album rocks!!! I recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Sammy as a solo artist, with Montrose, and even with Van Halen. His songs have depth and soul and a matureness that only a real talented musician can posess.  I'm actually looking forward to his next CD, because I know he still has it!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002U4U', u"The musical genius of Brian Wilson shines through on the Pet Sounds album.  Fans and critics alike aknowledge the musical greatness of this album.  Anyone who knows music can recognize the effect that this album has had on other artists (such as the Beatle's Sgt. Pepper album).  The best part of this boxed set is that now we get to see the path that Brian took in arriving at that special sound.  How different music tracks, vocal tracks and sounds were used, mixed, rejected and finally blended into the beautiful music that graces the album.  The liner notes that go with the album are exceptional.  Detailed notes about each track, along with interviews of musicians that played on the record give an incredible insight into the recording sessions.  Brian's talent as a musical producer as well as a coach (coaxing the best performance out of the musicians, never berating them) all lead to one of the best albums ever produced.  I suggest taking an afternoon off, relaxing and l! istening to the set with no distractions.  Pure enjoyment."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009SG', u"If you're just getting into the music of the great Frank Zappa, then this is the place to start.  It's easy enough to digest, satisfying enough to fill you up, and tasty enough to keep you coming back for more. The songs here all reach classic status, and some are even radio-friendly (Oh No! I don't believe it....).  The performances here are all tight and energetic, yet not too complex so as not to lose the average rock consumer.  Most - no, all tracks feature Zappa's usual wry and rewarding humour, and some border on the smutty.  If you're turned on by songs about canine gratification, bets concerning sexual prowess and dental floss farms, then you're the type of twisted candidate who qualifies for enjoyment of such bizarre and wonderous musical oddities.  But be warned - once you start getting into Overnite Sensation, you WILL be compelled to visit other recorded voyages of the late great unclassifiable artist."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009SO', u"This live Zappa album, featuring the added talents of avant-garde/psychedelic jazz/beat poet guru Captain Beefheart, is indescribably excellent.  Zappa's band lay a lush bluesy backdrop to his and the Captain's abstract lyricism, and the performances as a whole are absolutely gorgeous.  &quot;Carolina Hardcore Ecstasy&quot; will sweep you off your feet, while one of my faves &quot;Poofter Froth Wyoming Plans Ahead&quot; will have you in fits of laughter and amazement over the ingenious rhyming and intonation of the Captain.  This joint effort is a mammoth merging of Zappa's raging musical hormones with Beefhearts outerworldly illogic, culminating in THE perfect encore - &quot;Muffin Man&quot;, which has to be heard to believed.  Who else but Zappa would stop in the middle of a song's prologue, claiming to have gotten a phrase wrong, and try it again, with the results sounding as professional as ever?  This is the kind of offbeat stuff that makes die-hard Zappa maniac-pe! rsons like myself treasure the antics contained within Bongo Fury ever more.  Highly recommended."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009T3', u"I can proudly say that this would have to be my consistently favourite Zappa album. Each and every track is a winner, as they segue seemlessly into one another.  Many themes are dealt with here - drug culture, racial identity, evangelism - all with Zappa's trademark biting humour.  The songs are all highly singalongable, and this gives such a feeling of enjoyment when listening to the album.  The band present on this release may not have been his best technically, but they still pull off some strident performances.  The harmonies are more layered than usual, and this album is one of Zappa's more lyrically dense ones, in comparison to his usual method of alternating between vocal tunes and instrumentals. The album is actually a series of interrelated medleys which are all quite uplifting in their arrangements.  Highlights include the &quot;The Meek Shall Inherit Nothing&quot;/&quot;Dumb All Over&quot;/ &quot;Heavenly Bank Account&quot; string of songs, as well as the arr! ay of guest performers including Jimmy Carl (Lonesome Cowboy Burt) Black and the among the first recorded appearances of two of Zappa's offspring - Moon Unit and Dweezil on the hilarious songs &quot;Jumbo Go Away&quot; and &quot;Drafted Again&quot;.  I could go on forever in praising this album, but I'll spare you.  Listen to it for yourself and you won't be disappointed!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006OAM', u"Natalie Merchant.. How can I summarize into words her greatness.. She just keeps evolving, and becoming more and more brilliant.  Now, I wont deny that some of the songs are kinda depressing. But that should not stop anyone from buying this terrific CD. Most of the songs start out quiet, and if you're listening to it for the first time you may even say the songs are &quot;boring&quot;. But just keep listening. The songs build and build. Her voice becomes stronger, and the music, mostly orchestrated, comes to life. By the end of the song you find yourself hypnotized. Its indescribable. Most of the songs give me goosebumps. Her voice is chilling and always mesmerizing. The songs never get old. Buy this cd. You will treasure it."))
(5.0, (u'B000000PH8', u"This is one of my favorite CDs.  Alessandrini and company's parodies are very funny, though possibly offensive to serious Sarah Brightman fans who may not like the wonderfully squeaky voice they give her.  Lampooned are: Les Miserables, Madame Butterfly, Annie, Patti LuPone, Madonna, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Sarah Brightman, Stephen Sondheim and his musicals, and the state of Broadway in general, among others.Although I bought the CD for the Les Mis sequence, the other songs are equally good.  Be forewarned that if you know nothing about Broadway, the &quot;below-the-belt repartees&quot; will be lost on you, but you still get to listen to good singers and an excellent piano player.Next on the shopping list: Volume 4!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000QG8', u"I still remember attending a Jethro Tull concert in the 70's with an opening act of an irishman named Rory Gallagher who I had never heard of at the time. I was so blown away that I left midway through Tulls set to try and find an open record shop. I have owned much of Rory Gallaghers music since that time. Irish Tour '74 is the definitive Rory Gallagher masterpiece. Of particular note is &quot;Walk on hot coals&quot;. While it is generally hard to listen to one track which is more than 11 minutes long,you will find yourself replaying this one. In the past,some critics have made the statement that Rory Gallagher is as good a guitar player as Clapton, Page,etc. I think they are wrong. Clapton and Page were almost as good as Rory Gallagher! Give this particular CD a listen and I know you will agree. We miss you, Rory."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UKJ', u"I realize that the instructions say to write the review about the music, but I think with exercise tapes, people would be more interested in how I feel when I use the tape for exercising versus how much I enjoyed the music.  A friend of mine loaned me this tape &quot;Walk 2.&quot;  I started walking to better my health about about 2 1/2 weeks ago.  I have found that if you stick to walking to the beat of music (don't double time it) you get a super workout.  You have to remember that the first song is a warm-up and I was tempted to double time with the music and go too fast to start off.  Keep to the beat and you'll do great.  The music selected for this tape is perfect.  Some of the songs I am familiar with and others are new to me, but all are placed together in the perfect format to keep you feeling encouraged.  I'd recommend it to anyone, who is in the proper health, to use this tape to walk.  If I could do it over I might have purchased the &quot;Walk 1&quot; tape ! first and moved up.  But, it's fun and keeps you up-beat while sweating the inches away. I will admit that I have not lost weight yet, but something is happening to my muscle tone because  my clothes are fitting differently....that's encouragement enough for me!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q6W', u"These 5 guys have got there act together! There voices are amazing! If you haven't heard Say You'll Stay...then I recommend that you sample it from this web site! I myself own there cd and I just love it! All there songs are up beat and are really enjoyable to listen to! ALL SONG ARE ALL HITS! I especially enjoy listening to not only Say You'll Stay (both versions) but ALSO Something Inside Of Me, Heart To Heart, I Got It, The One, and True. I admit I usually buy singles but...this one is an exception! I love ALL the songs! I hope these guys will go far! And I look foward to seeing them coming out with a new album really soon!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005BWD', u"This Cd is a must for those who love music that will live forever such as the songs of the fabulous Johnny Mercer. Moon River, Moment to Moment, Accentuate the Positive, In the Cool, Cool of the Evening and much more.  You will never forget to remember when but this CD will help you remember it all so very well. Along with Johnny Mathis is, Peter Nero as the conductor, arranger, assisting is Johnny's own orchestra conductor, John Scott lavender.  Melissa Machester, the ever popular lady of song is at her best.  Maragret Whiting who sings as well now as she did 40 plus years ago right along with the ever wonderful Grammy winner, legend,  Johnny Mathis. This music is  exact from the PBS special in 1997 of a Tribute to the Songs of Johnny Mercer. Add one of the very best to your list of of all time greatest music CD's. Jerri Kestner"))
(5.0, (u'B00000202O', u"Matt Flinner is, without a doubt, one of the best players to emerge on the New Acoustic Music and Bluegrass scene-ever. He'd have to be to attract the &quot;sidemen&quot; on this album: Darol Anger, Mike Marshall, Jerry Douglas, Tim O'Brien, Todd Phillips and David Grier. The lineup reads like a &quot;who's who&quot; of New Acoutic Music pioneers and icons.I haven't had as much fun listening to a new album since I heard David Grisman for the first time. The (all original) tunes on &quot;The View From Here&quot; are destined to become standards. Buy this disc if you want your life to be complete."))
(5.0, (u'B000001A6T', u"It's quite a surprise that no one has gleaned from this albumany snippets or entire songs for cover material. As today's artistsdesperately seek new material by looking backwards for sounds -called &quot;sampling&quot; by the artists who do it; &quot;strip-mining&quot; by musicians who wish for a more original element to modern music- &quot;Hugh Masekela and the Union of South Africa&quot; stands as a testament to the benefits of obscurity.It's an album whose ethnic purity is outshined only by its pure emotional power. By the early seventies, Masekela had already scored a hit with &quot;Grazing in the Grass&quot; and was turning his attention to his geographic roots, the South African horn jive dubbed &quot;township bop.&quot; This album is simply unsurpassed in its musicianship, and is also a remarkable anti-apartheid statement, coming a full decade or so before it was brought to mainstream America's attention.Of special note here is the soulful &quot;To Get ! Ourselves Together&quot;, along with beautiful poly-rhythms in &quot;Ade&quot; and &quot;Johannesburg Hi-Lite Jive.&quot; Pop-funk influences are evident in wah-wah guitar sounds, prevalent on most of the faster numbers, and Masekela's notoriously crisp solos shine.Masekela fans absolutely must have this album; it's tight, inside jazz. Don't expect anything other than quick, major chord progressions and little self-indulgence. &quot;Outside&quot; purists might want to stay away, but only if they want to leave a brilliant album in quiet, unadulterated obscurity."))
(5.0, (u'B000002R87', u"When I was living in Washington DC in the early 1970s, I met a guy from Waterloo, Iowa who was in the army. He and I played guitar together and became fast friends. He introduced this kickin' country/rock/R&amp;B/blues/folk-rock band named Mason Proffit from Mason City, Iowa to me and they just blew me away.They had an original sound with great production and tight arrangements. In all, I think they produced seven records (it took me years to find all the discs) so I have the entire disc collection - hmm...and now I don't own a record player!  Anyway, Mason Profitt came to town for a four-set gig at the Cellar Door in Washington in 1973 and we were at each show. They blew the doors outta the place.I had never seen anyone tear up the Door they way they did that weekend.  Their last album, &quot;Rock Fish Crossing,&quot; contains some beautiful religions ballads. It wasn't long after that one of the founders (John Talbot) left the band to write inspirational Christi! an songs. He has produced quite a body of work in the past 20 years. In the end, John Talbot made his mark in Christian music, but man he sure could rock and roll. Mason Proffit was slightly ahead of their time musically, and as you listen to Come and Gone, you, too, will say &quot;This band shoulda made it!&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000007TQ2', u"Although new musical forces are sometimes difficult to categorize, Duke Ellington said it best. &quot;There are two kinds of music: good and bad.&quot;Judith Edelman is good. Very good. From her crystal-clear, hard-driving vocals and intriguing lyricism to the addictive melodies and virtuosity of the assembled musicians, this album is one I will keep at the front of my rack for years. I recently caught this band at the McCall Music Festival and bought multiple copies of this CD and &quot;Perfect World,&quot; her first effort, for gifts. I don't usually buy more than one copy of anything...I hope these two works are just the beginning, and that we get to realize her potential as the years go by."))
(5.0, (u'B0000001RM', u"This is in my opinion one of Chick Corea's best albums to date and certainly one of the best by the Elektric Band.  There's no way you can go wrong when the band has the best on each instrument.  Dave Weckl on drums, John Pattitucci on Bass, Frank Gambale on Guitar, Eric Marienthal on Saxes and, of course, Chick on keyboards.  This album happened right after Chick purchased his Yamaha SY99 and his experimentations with it are just outstanding. (just listen to &quot;99 Flavors&quot;!) I had the pleasure/honor to see these five artists perform the music from this album on tour at Glassboro State College (now Rowan University).  I can tell you first-hand that Dave Weckl plays the entire beginning of &quot;Jammin E Cricket&quot; alone (the bass licks are sampled and triggered by electronic drum pads).  It's absolutely wild. This is some of the best modern jazz playing that you will hear. PERIOD!  If you like jazz with a rock/funk/latin edge, then buy this album! NOW!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000002CW', u"J.D. Crowe's New South has been a launching pad for many up and coming bluegrass artists.  Through the years the makeup of the New South has changed but, it is this lineup that was the very best.  Arguably, this could have been the best bluegrass band ever assembled.  Crowe, Tony Rice, Ricky Skaggs, Bobby Slone and Jerry Douglas have captured the heart of bluegrass music on this album, the first for Crowe and his New South.  This album tackles the traditional tunes with a subtle leg lock of contemporary style.  Opening with the &quot;Old Home Place&quot;, Rice shows his simple vocal style can shine even above an amazing banjo run by Crowe himself.  Ricky Skaggs set the table for his future with his strong mandolin work and his tenor vocals, along with Crowe's baritone, walk hand in hand with Rice all the way.  Skaggs also shows his diversity with his fiddle work on &quot;Sally Goodin&quot;.  Jerry Douglas was a mere pup as he recorded his dobro tracks.  Even then, he kn! ew just how to place a dobro in a bluegrass song so that he was neither overpowering nor left behind.  &quot;Some Old Day&quot; proves that Douglas has a feel for music that is unmatched by any other Dobro player in the world.  With the bass, in my view, the absolute most important part of any music with which it is a part of, Bobby Slone shows he knows how to drive a rhythym.  He is a solid foundation for all the stars to shine.  &quot;Rock Salt &amp; Nails&quot; is a haunting, yet amazingly beautiful tune that makes us long for the good old days when Tony Rice still had his voice.  With Rice being the only guitarist on the album, we get a taste of what is to come in the future from him.  He certainly takes a backseat to no one with his guitar, and with the cover of two Gordon Lightfoot tunes (&quot;Ten Degrees&quot;, &quot;You Are What I am&quot;), Rice may have been trying to send us a message.  This album grabs you with the very first note of &quot;Old Home Place&quot;  an! d after toying with your emotions for eleven songs, it fina! lly lays you to rest with the traditional gospel tune &quot;Cryin' Holy.&quot;  What a band, what an album!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002LFG', u"Joe Sample has taken many styles and combined them into an excellent jazz album that speaks for itself. From the fresh and innovative sounds of &quot;Seven Years of Good Luck&quot; and &quot;Spellbound&quot; to the up-tempo vocal &quot;U-Turn&quot; (performed by Take 6), the music takes you on a journey far from your circumstances.  The other vocal tunes feature Al Jarreau on &quot;Somehow Our Love Survives&quot; and Michael Franks on &quot;Leading Me Back To You&quot;. The popularity of these two pieces over the years still means that they can be heard on the radio over and over. My favorite, &quot;Sermonized&quot;, constantly puts me in a cool, relaxed mood. I can be found listening to it several times in a row just because of the interest with moving 5ths in the bass line.  This is definitely an album to have in your jazz collection. Very few jazz CD's have this many hits and just good tunes on the same disc. BUY IT!"))
(5.0, (u'630482615X', u"I watched this video only recently and I was enchanted by Dame Judi Dench and Billy Connolly who gave an excellent performance as John Brown, Queen Victoria's man servant. I was a bit skeptical about the film at first but I am a convert to the cause. Watch this and enjoy, it's not a tear-jearker for those looking for kisses and roses but it will bring a lump to your throat as you watch a fragile friendship develop between the austere Queen of England and the rough and ready Scotsman who became her most loyal subject in a time of need. John Brown is never portrayed as a Saint, he is drinker and blasphemer who somehow managed to charm Queen Victoria and anger a nation at the same time. Judy Dench gives a credible performance as the brittle and aging Queen grieving for her dead husband and the storyline follows their friendship from beginning to end. Look out for the scene when John Brown goes skinny-dipping in the sea, it's enough to make your teeth chatter for a lifetime!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000065JZ', u"From the sultry opening track &quot;The Sea&quot; you will be hooked, with it's trip-hop back beat and string drenched arrangement lead by the warm vocals of Skye Edwards, Morcheeba surpass the beauty of their first album. Check out the uptempo funky samba acoustic flavor of &quot;Let Me See,&quot; Edwards voice just compliments the music nicely. Morcheeba also trips into blues with the song &quot;Part of the Process&quot; blending lap steel guitars with a trip hop beat and odd nosies make for great effect. Jazz influence and scratching appears on the cool instrumental &quot;Bulletproof,&quot; and reggae grooves creep into the song &quot;Friction.&quot; Each song is a different style, blending many together at once, which makes for interesting listening. Morcheeba are definitely a band to watch out for."))
(5.0, (u'B000002H97', u'I have listened to &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot; and &quot;Holier Than Thou&quot; about 1000 times each. Each time I enjoy them more. Each time I become more enwrapped by the philosophies underlying these two songs.  &quot;Back to a better day...hair standing on the back of my neck...&quot;&quot;Arrogance and ignorance go hand in hand...&quot;To me, as a non-heavy-metal music fan, finding such powerful thoughts in Metallica lyrics have made me a devote Metallica and Hetfield/Ulrich fan; these guys are pysychiatrists, philantropists, philosophers, and oh yes, MUSICIANS.In Pittsburgh recently I saw Hetfield singing &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot; while he punished his six guitars; what energy; what enthusiasm! This band RULES!!!!!'))
(5.0, (u'B0000074JU', u"More like &quot;I've Seen Everything&quot; than their debut album &quot;Cake,&quot; this record is a little darker (at spots) than is &quot;I've Seen...&quot;  Still, gems like a cover of the Lulu classic &quot;To Sir With Love&quot; and &quot;The Genuis I Was&quot; are openly accesible to ANYone.  And imagine, you can listen further and futher into the record over time (I am STILL making new lyrical connections in my second year owning the record).  For the &quot;dark&quot; side, check out &quot;Therapist&quot; and &quot;The Safecracker.&quot;  Again, the perfection and professionalism of the band glows. Definitley worth the trouble of special-ordering. Get it while you can... who knows, if these guys ever get the attention they deserve, the title you special order will be as rare and sought after as original Beetles material!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q8J', u"I wondered what it must have been like to be Jim Lauderdale singing backup on &quot;The Way You Move&quot; as the singer's memories of her absent lover become more and more intense until she goes into her  room, takes off her &quot;rings and everything,&quot; lies down on her bed and...In a way, that song is an emblem for the whole album. It's not the sensuality so much as the reality. There is no b.s. here, no sugar-coating, no attempt to prettify anything. But if you know how to listen, you'll find a beauty that haunts a lot longer than any of its gussied-up cousins."))
(5.0, (u'B00000582R', u'Without out a doubt, Left Hand Path is the premier Swedish Death Metal album of all time! Lofty praise indeed, but listen to some other Swedish Death bands like Dismember, and see for yourself how Entombed has influenced the whole scene. Left Hand Path is an excellent collection of raw, heavy, brutal thrash influenced death metal that makes you listen to it again and again. Unlike many brutal bands that bore you to death with monotonous grindcore drumming and muddy guitar riffs, Left Hand Path remains interesting with great tempo changes and excellent guitar work. Songs like When Life Has Ceased, Left Hand Path, and Bitter Loss, are truly landmarks in the evolution of death metal. Check this album out!dune666'))
(5.0, (u'B000001FHQ', u"TCS are perpetual favories of mine... as the summary suggests, the songs on this album are wonderfully warm and, at imes, a little bit dark. You've got to really listen, though, for the latter, as the moodier lyrics are often veiled in catchy pop vocal hooks or ingeniously-layered guitar warmth.  &quot;Orange Fell&quot; and &quot;Earlies&quot; are gentle faves, while &quot;One at a Time&quot; really rocks out (and listen here for those &quot;hmmmm, what's THAT mean?&quot; lyrics) and &quot;I've Seen Everyhting&quot; SHOULD have seen the top ten (if there were any musical justice in the world).  These guys are the consumate musical perfectionists (I know, I've talked to them) and will NOT dissapoint."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LRJ', u"It's taken me seven years to finally catch up with My Bloody Valentine and give their &quot;masterpiece&quot; a try. I had been spending my time listening to the gang of imitators they spawned and thinking they were sufficient: I was wrong. An album as rooted in symphonic classical music as it is in rock, nothing can quite prepare you for the depth of this album. Sure it's etherial, sure it's &quot;shoegazing,&quot; and sure it takes a few listenings to really understand what they're trying to do, but put the headphones on and watch your jaw drop as this album surrounds your head. Even if you're hearing it for the first time since its creation seven years ago, there's still nothing out there like it. Beautiful."))
(5.0, (u'B0000033JF', u"Although one could quibble that GIGI lumbered across its CinemaScope expanse like a leaden elephant, the beauty of its sets and costumes, the charm of its performances, and the joy of possibly  the most elegant original score ever written for a film musical make this an aural experience that is hard to beat.  Loewe's sumptuous music and Lerner's lyrics (&quot;like finely cut crystal&quot;) are as bubbly as champagne itself.  The LP was quite short - just over 30 minutes - with the 11 set numbers.  The CD goes back to the original track and fills in with background scoring that adds much to the lilt and grace of the aural experience.  Caron was the only singer who was dubbed (Betty Wand).  This is a masterpiece of  song writing and scoring.  Don't miss it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003GFH', u"The &quot;Kenny Rankin Album&quot; was a milestone for jazz vocalization in America, so much so that it took Mr. Rankin almost 20 years to equal it, which he finally does with &quot;Because of You&quot;. Smooth, sexy, disarmingly mellow, Mr. Rankin proves he's still on top of his game. All of the tunes on this album, including the delightful repise of &quot;Haven't We Met&quot; are all stunning but it's the final cut, the title track, that will absolutely stun you with its luscious simplicity. Mr. Rankin performs &quot;Because of You&quot; a cappella which only serves to magnify the raw, voluptuous, romanticism of the lyrics. This is an album that goes well with red wine, a small fire, and vivid imaginations."))
(5.0, (u'B000007TEN', u"I think this album is another fine effort in the outstanding musical career of Chris LeDoux.  I'll admit that I was dissappointed at first to see that he did not write any of the songs on the album, but he does have a very unique way of &quot;making&quot; a song his own.  &quot;The Fever&quot; and &quot;Bang a Drum&quot; are prime examples of this.  He has also managed to keep putting out the traditional cowboy music.  Songs like &quot;Old Paint&quot; and &quot;Caballo Diablo&quot; harken back to some of Chris' earliest albums, when he sang of the Old West and how it used to be.  There can be no doubt in anyone's mind that this is a real rodeo cowboy when they hear him sing about &quot;One Ride In Vegas.&quot;  Add the endearing love song, that is also the title track, &quot;One Road Man,&quot;  and you have an excellent album that is essential to any loyal Chris LeDoux fan's collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002L3C', u"i caught on to daron before he made it big.  he did a free concert in cape girardeau, mo. a few years back.  my kids were already used to seeing bad dog no biscuit on tv.  but there is more to the artist than that one song.  my girl friday was especially important to me.  not only did he right the song about his daughter,  he brought a pre-teen daughter on stage with him.  as he sang  on his knees to this girl, it gave me goosebumps- as well as many in the crowd.  i think curb records should have promoted the title song more instead of ms.white's.  i'm hoping for more releases and concerts soon."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OAM', u"I have only two gripes with Ophelia.  1) There's not much as far as variety.  2) Effigy is bad.Having said that, I really enjoy this CD.  It's a solid offering that showcases her voice as well has her writing talents.  While variety is nice, it's not what she obviously intended and I prefer to look at the CD based on what it is rather than what I want to see.  I've noticed a lot criticize it for not being what they would have done.I especially like Life Is Sweet, My Skin and The Living.  The duets (if you can call them that) with Karen Peris are very good also.  I could do without Effigy, though.  If I wanted to hear a Tibetan woman try to screech out a song I would go to Tibet.  Even so, it's not enough to dim my enthusiasm for this album, which is my first by Merchant."))
(5.0, (u'6304393075', u"The most useful film yet for drama students at all levels. Pacino demonstrates why so many English teachers are wrong when they teach Shakspeare as if it were intended to be read. He takes the audiance through the complex, time consuming and open-ended process whereby a complicated script is slowly researched, work-shoped and ultimately performed.His ultimate characterization of Richard III is far more real than Oliver's, far more evil than Guilgud's and does not resort to the trick of making Richard in to a Nazi, as does McKellan.His portrayal reveals the Shakespearian truth - genuine evil is both seductive and distructive, and certainly most powerful. He provides us a clue to understanding Hitler, Amin, Pol Pot, etc.For the serious student of Shakespeare, Drama, politics and philosophy, this film is a must  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002J7U', u"A welcome addition to his collection, &quot;Voices&quot; takes Vangelis's music into previously unexplored territory.  The simple &quot;melody over beat&quot; style of some of his earlier works has evolved into a more complex synthesis -- subtle orchestrations where melody and backing reach a counterpoint, morphing into one another while retaining their individuality.  The stirring title track expounds the album's central melody, which recurs in later tracks, producing subtle and ingenious variations.  This &quot;variations on a theme&quot; approach gives the album a feeling of connectedness, allowing the tracks to complement one another. The three vocal tracks are a pleasant surprise,  adding variety and depth to the music.  The result is a haunting, powerful, and evocative album which, along with &quot;Direct&quot;, contains some of his best work to date."))
(5.0, (u'B000002H4S', u"Aside from the beautiful instrumental work which accompanies the voice of Natalie Merchant, a voice of pure gold by the way, In My Tribe offers what I believe to be the best collaboration of lyrics ever presented in a single CD.  Natalie presents her views on a number of different issues (child abuse, depression, illiteracy, greed, alcoholism, etc.) in a very direct manner without hiding behind a collection of words and phrases so abstract a listener may as well not even pay attention to the lyrical content of the songs. The delivery of these messages is through the most beautiful voice my ears have heard.  Pure and original.  One of the things I love about Natalie's voice on this CD is her tendency to under-pronounce certain words so that you have to refer to the lyric sheet to find out just what the heck she's saying.  If it weren't for the liner notes, I'd still be trying to figure out, &quot;...cold and rude things that you do...&quot; from What's the Matter Here. D! o yourself a favor and buy In My Tribe.  It is a great work of unique and beautiful sounds as well as an unbelievalbe display of the talents of one of music's greatest assets, Natalie Merchant."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VDL', u"Wow!!!  What a treat to find that there are so many people who's lives have been touched by Free To Be You and Me!!  I first saw this show on TV when I was 5... that was 25 years ago!  I played the album and had every scratch and skip in it memorized.  My mom got me the cassette 8 years ago when I was stationed in Hawaii.  I think it was the present she could have gotton for me.  Since then, I've made copies for all of my friends with kids.  It's all the treasured values that we could ever hope to instill in our kids.  Even as an adult I find myself reciting parts of it while I'm doing &quot;Housework&quot; and wishing I had help!!  Who would have thought 25 years how utterly timeless this would be.  The world changes and times change but the lessons learned in Free to Be You and Me will live on forever!!  &quot;Hi, I'm a baby!&quot;  Keep getting people to hear this!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000073UH', u"Prior to Titanic, I'd not heard of Sissel. After Titanic, however, I would never forget her voice! It is, by far, the most beautiful voice I've heard in my life! When I say 'Angelic Voice', I absolutely mean it. I got the Titanic soundtrack, and from the album sleeve, I learned that this angel's name is Sissel. I had to get her CDs, or any CD! I got an import of 'Deep Within My Soul', and it was much more than worth it. It's one of my greatest possessions! If you have ears, and appreciate vocals one bit, then bless them with this angelic voice :)"))
(5.0, (u'B000005DCB', u"Since I bought Delerium-Karma almost a year ago now, I am still addicted to the album. I have over 850 CDs and this one still ends in the player more often then any other. I don't seem to ever get sick of it. The music is very complex and it seems as you hear something new in it almost every time I listen to it. In order my favorite songs are &quot;Silence&quot;, &quot;Duende&quot;, &quot;Enchanted&quot;, &quot;Euphoria&quot;, &quot;Til the end of time&quot; and then all of the rest. The CD is almost magical in quality. The songs won't play well over the radio, so you will probably never hear it on your favorite radio station, but I just can't say enough about it, except buy it, even if you have to trade in other CDs for it."))
(5.0, (u'B000005DQU', u'Having been introduced to DJ Shadow by a friend of mine, I quickly became interested in the so called &quot;trip hop&quot; movement.  You had the true artists, like Tricky, Portishead, and Shadow himself, and you had the so called imposters, like Garbage, and the Sneaker Pimps.  Aside from labels, however, is the fact that DJ Shadow is by far the pioneer of the trip hop movement, and still cranks out influential beats.  On Pre-emptive Strike, he takes you from backbeat breaks to fine tuned scratching and sampling seemingly effortlessly, making for one hell of a listening experience.  This CD is by far an essential for any trip-hop enthusiast, as well as any other music fan as well.  Listen closely, the future of music lies in this disc.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001FLJ', u"I own this album on vinyl, it's old &amp; scratchy &amp; I love it.  Now that I've found it on CD through Amazon, I will order it and enjoy it with clear CD sound as well.  If you've ever heard &quot;Blues Power&quot; (Albert King's &quot;Live wire blues power&quot;) you have got to hear &quot;Roy's Bluz&quot;.  If you've ever heard &quot;Roy's Bluz&quot; you have got to hear &quot;Blues Power&quot;.  They are similar, and they are amazing.  These are the two heaviest electric blues tracks I have ever heard!  If anyone out there listens to these two tunes and thinks they've heard better, please let me know."))
(5.0, (u'B000002R8R', u"Over the years I have quoted this album more than any other I own (approx 2000). Doug Bennett has a voice only a mother could love, but he conveys soul and humor, intelligence and wit with it.  Many perfect couplets, no perfect couples.&quot;He knew the power of a joke when faced with his own doom&quot;&quot;I would never take my own advice, but for what it's worth let me throw it your way you could probably go on winning, but all ya got are penny ante stakes.&quot;....and on the disollution of relationships &quot;You, of course claim it's a force that rules some stars far away, I say &quot;could be the communists&quot;The band sounds tight, the singing fun, the writing some of the best of the era. This is what Huey Lewis could have been with brains.But no one bought them. Right that wrong."))
(5.0, (u'B000003G8G', u"John Williams, never ceasing to amaze, has completely outdone himself with his score to The Empire Strikes Back.  Darth Vader's theme, quoted as being &quot;a malevolent Hail to the Chief&quot; has been an audience favourite for almost twenty years.  It's antithesis, Yoda's theme, is a quirky, quiet piece that reflects the age and wisdom of the Jedi Master.  All in all, the soundtrack has to be some of the best music ever written, ranging from fast paced battle music to the mournful closing titles, the listener is guaranteed to be impressed.  Like Star Wars, The Empire Strikes back is a one of a kind score, not to be missed in this lifetime!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003G8I', u"Return of the Jedi, the last of the Star Wars Triolgy scores, is by far one of the best ever written.  Musically tying all elements of the trilogy to a final close, the grand scale of the music is almost uncomprehensible.  The Parade of the Ewoks, a march written to represent the furry inhabitants of the moon of Endor, is one of the most interesting musical pieces I have ever heard. Taking on qualities from Prokoviev's Love of Three Oranges, the music is dainty and light.  The final of the three love themes in the Trilogy, Luke and Leia, is one of the most romantic pieces I have ever heard, and the final, closing titles bring the trilogy to a close in absolute perfection.  In the grand tradition of Star Wars and Empire Strikes Back, John Williams has again written the pinnacle of orchestral scores!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007WXW', u'First release from what is probably the biggest rock band in France. Even if I do not think the production was that good at the time, it is still a very good album whith some exellent tune like Pyromane. Unfortunately, or fortunately, this album is titally in French, it limits therefore the audience, and unable non french speaker to get  lyrics which are beautiful and change slightly form &quot;I cheat on my girl and she was not happy&quot; type of thing that no one cares about. Ou veux tu que je regarde, the tune, appears on maxi-single Lolita nie en bloc (single from Tostaky), in English by Akola, long time friend from the band. And this cover is beautiful.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000002TJ', u"Take off your boots, roll up a smoke and put a pot of coffee on the fire because you're in for a real treat. Rounder Record's Stampede invokes the heart-stopping excitement and blood curdling mystery of the Old-West. The artists and songs that define much of our image of the West are contained on this wonderful CD. If you're to buy only one of the Rounder series, or just one cowboy compilation, make it this one. You'll swear you can still hear the coyotes lonesome call long after the disk is finished, and if this doesn't make you want to pack it in, saddle up and head West then nothing will."))
(5.0, (u'B00000082F', u"This album was Melanie Safka's first, released in 1974.  I've been listening to it ever since, and am amazed at how well it's &quot;held up&quot; in 24 years.  The reason for that, I believe, is because it was SO WEIRD to begin with.  From &quot;I Really Loved Harold&quot; to &quot;Bo Bo's Party&quot; (what's a Bo Bo?) to &quot;In The Hour&quot;, Melanie writes from a place of irony and despair, but as one who continues to pick herself up regardless.  Vocally, she has the emotion of Edith Piaf, but is not nearly so annoying.  You want Drama?  Melanie will give that to you, and more. Her version of &quot;Mr. Tambourine Man&quot; wipes any other version you've heard out of your head; and her throw-away cuts, &quot;Animal Crackers&quot; and &quot;Christopher Robin (Is Saying His Prayers)&quot; are somehow given meaning in context with the rest of these songs.  If you think &quot;Melanie&quot; only as &quot;that hippie chick who sang 'Brand New Key'&quot;, check her out now!  that you're older &amp; wiser.  And for you who have no recollection at all of Melanie, have I got a treat for you!  I don't understand why, in this age of female EMOTERS, there hasn't been a Melanie revival.  She was punk before punk was cool."))
(5.0, (u'B000001OYO', u"Don Ellis, who died of a heart attack almost 20 years ago (December 17, 1978), was a genius as a trumpet player, a composer, an arranger, a big band leader.  Unfortunately, because he recorded before the development of CDs, little of his work is available in that form today.  The amazon.com catalogue lists three recordings--one featuring Ellis with a quintet, New Ideas, and two with Ellis and a Big Band, Live at Monterey (due for release later this summer), and this CD, one of Ellis' greatest recordings.  (I'd rank it second to his Autumn, which is not now available in the US on CD).  As in any Ellis recording from his prime, there is a wonderful adventurousness and playfulness to the pieces on Electric Bath, and his trumpet work on the first track, &quot;Indian Lady,&quot; is one of the most joyful musical noises I know. Maybe the best track on the CD is the meditative &quot;Open Beauty,&quot; which features a stunning solo in which Ellis &quot;duets and trios with him! self,&quot; the liner notes tell us, &quot;by playing into a loop delay echo chamber.&quot;  Ever since I first heard Ellis play his &quot;Variations for Trumpet&quot; on Autumn, I have been convinced that  that piece of music is one of the proofs for the existence of God.  Electric Bath is nearly as mystical an experience as that."))
(5.0, (u'B000009NSC', u"As every review you're likely to read will tell you, the subject matter of these songs is as dark as the sepia tones on the album's cover photo. But there is a danger of making too much of that and of not really getting it in right perspective.We can compare Welch and her partner David Rawlings with The Handsome Family, whose _Through the Trees_ also deals with dark material. The Handsome Family uses melodies and instrumentation that sound traditional, but combines these with surreal prose poetry whose images are far from the ones the melodies lead you to expect. The result is music that subverts the form it uses and leaves the listener profoundly disoriented. This is neither better nor worse than what Welch does, but the emotional effect is very different. Listening to The Handsome Family can be viscerally  disturbing; I can only do it in small doses. Welch's subject matter is depressing, but that doesn't describe the result. The musical form and the poetry are matc! hed. A song like &quot;One Morning&quot; doesn't just sound like an Appalachian ballad; it could very well be one. That means that even though the images are chilling, we are permitted to keep some distance.Even though Welch's more traditional approach won't give you vertigo, it would be a mistake to think that there's nothing original here, or that the images won't stick with you. &quot;Morphine&quot; is a case in point. The singer addresses the drug as a lover turned cruel and the music conjures up a sense of watching longings fade in a haze. After a few listenings, you feel as though the ghost of this lost junkie has brushed you by. That sort of musical onomatopoeia is part of what makes a song like &quot;Whiskey Girl&quot; work. The imagery here is more elusive: Nowhere Man and the Whiskey Girl head off for the underworld. This is one of the few songs with more than acoustic guitar or banjo as accompaniment; Rawlings uses an electric guitar and producer T-Bone Burnett p! lays piano and organ. The remarkably restrained result is a!  sense of discovering that hell is a place of lethargy and low moans.For whatever reason, Gillian Welch has chosen to work in a world of shadows. But these shadows imply the presence of a light that reflects in surprising ways off of the subjects of these 11 beautifully-wrought songs. This album is a worthy follow-up to _Revival_, and confirms the sense that many of us had that Gillian Welch is an artist of rare and remarkable talent."))
(5.0, (u'B000006YYA', u"This compilation, issued in 1994, broke into the British Top 20.  It is masterfully produced, and is truly a greatest hits' collection of one of the most underappreciated men in rock.  Geldof's wide range of styles, from the punk of &quot;Lookin' After No. 1&quot; to the reggae of &quot;House on Fire&quot;, to the sprightly nature of &quot;Love or Something&quot; shines through.  There is something for everyone on this disc; it is well worth the investment.  This album is identical to the American release &quot;Great Songs of Indifference&quot; except that Loudmouth has the added track &quot;Crazy&quot;.  Buy this version; &quot;Crazy&quot; alone is worth the cost."))
(5.0, (u'B000007QDC', u"Having been an admirerer of Neil's work since &quot;I Got You&quot; (Split Enz), I find that with each new piece of work, he just keeps improving his songwriting craft.  &quot;Try Whistling This&quot;, as his first &quot;solo&quot; recording, has allowed him the freedom as a songwriter to take the words and melodies in directions that a writer can't possibly do within the confines of a &quot;group&quot; structure.  The result is his best work to date.  An artist that is still closing in on the &quot;peak&quot; of his creativity as a pop songwriter.  There is definitely &quot;life after 40&quot; in contemporary music, in fact, most of the great songwriters are doing their best work in this stage of their lives.  For those out there that are looking for pop songwriting at it's very best, this is a cd you must have, it only improves with repeat listens."))
(5.0, (u'B0000047FO', u"&quot;These fifteen tracks may be the greatest recordings in Verve's hallowed vaults - masterpieces selected from the three albums of duets recorded by &quot;Pops&quot; and a Lady named Ella. Here, in the best sound to date, featuring popular American songs of the interwar period, is the 'Best of Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong on Verve'. Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong recorded the first album &quot;Ella and Louis&quot; in 1956. The other two albums &quot;Ella and Louis again&quot; and &quot;Porgy and Bess&quot; were recorded in 1957. This CD is a best of these three albums. The unmistakable voice of &quot;Satchmo&quot; and the solos of his trumpet in duet with Ella's style give an unforgettable celebration for your ears."))
(5.0, (u'B000001502', u"Hermann fans could argue for years over which work from this incredible composer's canon is his best , but I think all of us would place PSYCHO somewhere near the top.  This &quot;strings alone&quot; journey into despair must rank as the most depressing album in history.  Listen to it from beginning to end and you'll need therapy.  Hermann jerks you around relentless with his &quot;Prologue&quot; music, then lays on a sort of existential despair, and then segues into edgy, nuerotic tones that indicate a fractured mind splitting apart even further.  This new recording captures this horrific music with crystal clear tones and perfect performances.  You don't need the film -- you only need the score.  OH MOTHER, BLOOD!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000017L1', u"This is absolutely the best CD in my collection to date. Connie Dover demonstrates her immense versatility even better than in &quot;Celtic Voices,&quot; which is another necessity for Celtic music lovers. &quot;If Ever I Return&quot; shows Connie's roots in Scottish and Irish music, but also flaunts her tremendous linguistic ability with Irish Gaelic, Scottish Gaelic, English, Appalachian, Western American, and french songs. I'm no Frenchie, but I can vouch for her perfect Scots and Appalachian idioms. I have to assume that the French is as good as it sounds. The music itself encompasses a vast spectrum of moods, most wistful, all lovely. The opening tune, &quot;Fear am Bhata,&quot; will bring you out of your seat with its pulsing percussion. &quot;Lady Keith's Lament&quot; is a song that most Scots will need a tall glass of whiskey to survive without clouding up. &quot;Peggy and the Soldier&quot; and &quot;Mally [sic] Leigh&quot; are upbeat tunes that made me dance ag! ainst my will. &quot;Shady Grove&quot; is a Kentucky mountain song made popular by bluegrass bands, but Connie managed to remove the whiny, nasal timbre and replace it with her own dulcet voice. The style remains Appalachian, but it is a nice tune to listen to. Probably the low point since I loathe bluegrass, but it wasn't bad! You need this disc."))
(5.0, (u'B000001YP0', u"Difford and Tillbrook deliver a wonderfully diverse collection despite being misunderstood by record companies and mainstream audiences.  As always, the duo hits home by exploring everyday situations and providing interesting insights.  Those looking for 'snappy' pop tunes as on their local pub's copy of 'Singles - 45 and Under' may be disappointed.  Although this record has some strong pop singles - from the quintessential Difford\\Tillbrook - 'This Summer' to the Beatlesque 'I Want You', 'Ridiculous' has been created for those who long for clever writing, unique melodies and a clear attention to detail.  Difford and Tillbrook assert themselves as masters of musical imagery ....once again."))
(5.0, (u'B0000024WW', u'Easily one of her best post 60s LPs, STONEY END is so unique because for once Barbra leaves behind her supper club/show tunes material and takes a relaxed approach interpreting folk and pop...and to what effect!!  All 11 tracks are wonderfully subdued and laid back for Streisand and yet they still bare that stamp of vocal power that has always been her calling card.This LP is one of the rare moments in Streisand\'s recording career when seems relaxed, free and not constantly second-guessing herself and her singing.  (Unfortunately we haven\'t seen her this relaxed since.)A definite must for those who love Streisand\'s voice, phrasing and diction, but who often tire of her endless renditions of ballads and showtunes drowned in meticulous precision.Stand out tracks:  Her whistful interpretation of Joni Mitchell\'s "I Don\'t Know Where I Stand", a nice cover of Gordon Lightfoot\'s "If You Could Read My Mind", soulful readings of Mann/Weill\'s "Just A Little Lovin\'" and Carole King\'s "No Easy Way Down" (not as effective as Dusty Springfield\'s, but still respectable) and an energetic, yet carefree approach to Laura Nyro\'s "Time and Love" and "Stoney End" the title track.STONEY END is Streisand\'s vacation day, and what an exhilirating result when she lowers her guard!'))
(5.0, (u'B000002LL9', u"An album like this doesn't come around everyday.  Lindsey is intense and emotional, scary and soothing, all in one song.  His abilities are unparalleled in today's rock community.  The instrumental introductions flow with the songs that they introduce.  The songs have beautiful plans and are lyrically smart and cutting edge.  And of course there are the mind blowing guitar solos, a Lindsey specialty.This is definitely not a Fleetwood Mac album, although here and there you could see where it might have fit into the mix.  But independant of the Mac, Lindsey always has, and continued to do so here, experimented with new ideas and sounds.  Every single one on this album is a success and a winner.  An amazing album from, in my own opinion, the best musician in the business today."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RXO', u"Slade was arguably England's top Pop/Rock band of the 1970's with Gosh knows how many #1's in a row and 20+ top 10's. This collection covers their career from the beginning to the end, with just a few minor hits from the middle period missing. Slade was never big in the US, possibly too Hard Rock for the US AM radio stations and too POP for FM. Probably just bad timing as Quiet Riot's version of Cum On Feel the Noize was a top 10 hit in the US in the '80's and Slade's own Run Runaway, (included here) was a top 20 hit here, also in the '80's. This is a must have for anyone who likes tuneful, quirky Hard Rock. Great Stuff!!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005S0E', u"In what might be the closest fans of The Cure will ever see to a Robert Smith solo album, 1984's &quot;The Top&quot; is a fourty minute near eastern fable.  Although the eccentricities of the record may be a turn off to less 'hardcore' fans, it is a must have for anyone building a Cure collection.  Highlights include the astounding opener &quot;Shake Dog Shake&quot;, as well as &quot;Birdmad Girl&quot;, &quot;Dressing Up&quot;, and &quot;Piggy in the Mirror&quot;.  The albums single, &quot;The Caterpillar&quot;, is also a noteworthy track.  Yet the pinacle of the record is the eigth track, &quot;The Empty World&quot;, in which Smith explores the metaphor of war.Despite its lack of commercial appeal, especially when compared with its 1985 follow up &quot;The Head on the Door&quot;, &quot;The Top&quot; is still one of the Cure's finest releases."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OBJ', u"What descriptive words can one use that truly describes this album?  Visionary? Pseudo-operatic? High-energy Glam-rock fairy tale?  Silly?  Queen II and the group that created it is all of this and possibly more.In my opinion (and I consider myself a Queen connoisseur) this album represents not only the high point in Queen's musical career, but also places firmly in the top ten Best Rock Albums of all time.  The opening sequence of &quot;Procession&quot; followed by the thunderous&quot; Father to Son&quot;  is a fitting introduction to the fanciful and mind-bending ride that follows.  This album is true Queen: Heavy rock blended with exceedingly beautiful ballads and a tongue-in-cheek penchant for Fairy Tales.  Only Queen could produce an album like this one.  But beware!  After listening to Queen II, you may never again be satisfied with Rock &amp; Roll's lesser offerings."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SPM', u"Vincent Gallo is an undeniably talented New York hot shot. Former CK model, Mudd Club regular, painter, musician, rapper(don't ask), etc. The sountrack to his directorial debut, BUFFALO 66 proves him to have mastered yet another art form. The film itself is a brilliant debut in which Gallo stars along with Christina Ricci and heavyweights like Mickey Rourke, Anjelica Huston, Ben Gazzara, Jan- Michael Vincent and Rosanna Arquette.  The soundtrack, Produced by Vincent Gallo, features 13 tracks, 8 of which he wrote, composed and performed.  Most of his own compositions feature a jazzy, ethereal guitar - almost like Neil Young on downers, playing jazz plugged into some amp in a long wallway. Don't get me wrong - it's good, in fact, a couple of the tracks remind me of Peter Gabriel's Passion soundtrack, sort of spacy and oddly trance-like. The first track (Lonely Boy) features Gallo's pretty decent singing, and this, in addition to the 2 Yes songs (Heart Of The Sunrise, Sweetness) turn the soundtrack into a gem.  Heart of the Sunrise is a better song than anything I've heard on the radio in years. Where was I during the prog-rock movement? Probably listening to Duran Duran.  The packaging is absolutely gorgeous, probably because Vincent's face is on it a total of 10 times. But this first pressing is a &quot;limited edition digi-pack with a full color 20 page booklet&quot; blah blah blah. Vincent Gallo is a true talent, a true renaissance man, and a wonderful actor, writer, director, musician, artist - whatever he wants to be, at any given moment.  Gallo is a man that obviously knows what he wants, and goes right out and gets it. That is the kind of man I want. This is the kind of sountrack I love. Buy it, see the film, and fall in love with Vincent Gallo"))
(5.0, (u'B00000038L', u"When I first heard this CD I was awestruck.  This music is so powerful that one cannot hold still unless absolutely dead, and then I have seen the walking dead brought to life by this wonderful jive.  As a musician and sax player myself I continue to be in awe of these great men who hold down some of the most incredible grooves I've ever heard.  I have been listening to this CD and performing songs from it for about four years now and I hear something new in the tunes all the time.  The groove is integral.  All parts are part of the groove.  Instead of riding on the waves of the groove like melodies in latin and west African musics often do, the Boyoyo's meolodies swim in the water and add their own wave to the tide of the jive.  America and the rest of the world, WAKE UP to this unstoppable beat!  Boyoyo's, thank you for a great swim!  Keep pumping it out!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002K9N', u"It's hard to believe, but Sinatra sounds even better in this live performance than he does on his unbeatable recordings.  The selections on this album are all magnificant, but my favorite is &quot;Fly Me to the Moon.&quot;  Sinatra swings like nobody else, he is in total control of the room, and his voice sounds like aged Jack Daniels and honey.  PLEASE check this out, if you've ever wondered what this &quot;Chairman of the Board&quot; stuff is all about.  At one point, Sinatra joyfully announces that it's  time to wrap things up by exclaiming, &quot;It's boozin' time, baby!&quot; -- he'd like to keep singing, but he couldn't keep his bartender waiting. For all we baby boomers who will never see the man in concert, this CD makes you feel like you were there."))
(5.0, (u'6304877218', u"When it comes to completing such remedial tasks such as breathing, or looking at the sky and the ridiculous birds flying overhead, I succeed with speeding colors.  Such things are only all too common in this ritualistic society, a society where Taco Bell has a Chihuahua as  their logo, and probably where they get their meat from as well.  I on the other hand, see all this distress clearly every day of my breathtaking life.  Should someone ask me whether the descriptive nature of this furrow in which the insoluble life forms multiply by the  trillions was cut by the hands of the hard working American man, I would say...yes.  Yes to the American man with a dream, and a gun in his hand!  And Yes to the ones with a directionless yet shiftless animal like quality which is common to each and every one of us scum sucking bastards!  No wonder!  No wonder I have consumed all this dog food for all these years!  I will tame this wretched beast from within, and use the powers that ! reside from deep within the confines of my intergalactic soloflex.  Success!  Success I say!  It is I, I am the one who will save us all!  You will die!  All of you ignorant people who listen to horribly mass produced music will suffer like I have suffered, only as fast as you can say The Aphex Twin is the president of the United States of America!!  (This was a speech given by Lord Nosh after viewing &quot;Aphex Twin, Come to Viddy.&quot;  Maybe you'll think twice about watching this video, then again, you may want this sort of thing to happen to you too.)  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000006M9T', u"I have been a casual Trick fan since the '70's. I basically lost track of them in the late '80's after a series of mediocre albums (Excepting their &quot;comeback&quot; with the #1 &quot;the Flame&quot;). I picked this up hoping it would be different and boy was I surprised. This is a great album!!!! Tight, forceful, sometimes angry-Hard Rock, but with a tuneful side. Stand out trax include Say Goodbye, 8 Miles Low, Hard to Tell, and Carnival Game; but the whole album is great. This album has turned me from a Trick fan to a Trick Fanatic!!!! Try it yourself, you won't be sorry!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009HQP', u'I first heard Teen Heroes on the Mykel and Carli Tribute cd and was very impressed with their song &quot;If I go&quot;.  That song alone was good enough to make me buy their album.  When I heard their album, it reminded me of a couple other bands I liked, such as Weezer, and the Rentals, with perhaps a tinge of The Cars, yet their style could not be qualified as either a Rentals, Weezer, or The Cars clone.  As I became more familiar with their album, my already great opinion of their work only increased.  Teen Heroes has a handle on the Rock &amp; Roll business, and they do it very well.'))
(5.0, (u'B000009HRD', u"The Sons of Champlin are back, with their best recording ever.  Many of their classics from the 60's and 70's appear in this live album, which highlights their originality and musical virtuousity.  Although Bill Champlin is perhaps best known for his stint in Chicago, and for writing &quot;After the Love is Gone&quot; and &quot;Turn Your Love Around,&quot; he seems most at home with this, his original band.  Along with Champlin's inspired vocals and command of the Hammond B-3, Terry Haggerty's guitar solos are mindboggling, and like those of no other guitarist.  This is an album that fans have been waiting for for 25 years, and it doesn't disappoint."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAT', u"I know how often this album has been described as I have described it above, but that doesn't make it any less true.This album transports you into its own world like no other ever-you don't feel like you're listening to an album, but instead experiencing music like never before and the album really becomes a part of you.  It's absolutely incredible in every way.One note, though-as incredible as it is in its original track order, I find it all the much better as it was originally intended; in this order: tracks 1, 2, 7, 5, 3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. Try it and you'll see what I mean."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UB2', u"Even though I think Sgt. Pepper's is their best album (and the best album ever), this one is certainly not too far behind.  Every song is a masterpiece (even &quot;Her Majesty&quot;-great little commentary) and makes you want to listen to it again and again.&quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer,&quot; &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy),&quot; and &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money,&quot; are favorites, but the songs from &quot;Because&quot; on crush the rest of the album.  When it comes to beautiful songs, nothing can match &quot;Because&quot; or &quot;Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight/The End.&quot;The album is full of classics that will never sound dated.  Every Beatles fan and music lover should definitely get this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B0000072JZ', u"Known for being the laboratory where Keith Emerson began concocting strange experiments with his musical influences, the Nice acted as a bridge between the psychedelic '60s and the progressive '70s. This superb, digitally remastered box set covers the first three studio albums, and throws in some interesting B-sides and rarities. The non-synthesized Emerson puts his trusty Hammond organ through the paces, especially on the excellent live Fillmore East performances from the third LP, entitled Nice. The knock on this band, though, was the hoarse, croaking vocals of bassist Lee Jackson. One wonders how much farther the Nice would have gone, if only they could have found a vocalist like, say, Greg Lake..."))
(5.0, (u'B0000047RA', u"Regarded by some as one-hit wonders via the overplayed A Whiter Shade Of Pale, Procol Harum actually released a handful of four or five exceptional albums spanning a decade. This, their second, blew away the first album sonically and musically. A kind of exotic mixture of the baroque and the blues, the album oozes with stately Hammond organ (played by Matthew Fisher) and the dense, bluesy guitar stylings of a then unknown Robin Trower. The side-long In Held T'was In I has been blamed by critics for many of the side-long progressive rock epics to come, but Procol was far too smart to stumble over the pitfalls of progressive rock."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FZA', u"These songs are the most emotionally wretching sounds in the world.  Lamentations on heartbreak, lonliness, destitution and hopelessness, this is plain-spoken fatalism in the tradition of Thomas Hardy.  Many of these songs, especially on disc three, are powerful enough to make you stop, pause, and just listen to what is happening.  These are little stories, each and every one, and it takes you somehow inside this enigmatic man, this perminant fixture in American music.  And while we'll never know entirely why he was so 'Alone and Foresaken', perhaps just listen to the pain he can muster in songs like 'At The First Fall of Snow', &quot;I'm Free At Last', 'I Can't Escape From You', 'All the Love I Ever Had' and, yes, 'There's A Tear in my Beer.'  These are profound statements.  Do not be fooled by the backlash against what is termed as country music.  This is not what you may be thinking.  This is blues, low-down, mournful, desperate blues served up in the bleakest chambe! r imaginable on the day your golddigger children kick the plug out of the life support.  Remember the tissues."))
(5.0, (u'B000002C1Z', u"This album could almost be seem as commi! Attacking conservatism on all sides, Waters' anger can literally be heard on what, in my opinion, is a better album than Dark Side.. I suppose the downside is that Waters went on to believe that he was so much the dominant force..... Well, that's history. For you American fans, the reference &quot;Hey, you Whitehouse&quot; on Pigs three different ones, refers to Mary Whitehouse. She was the chairman (or chairperson) of a pressure group in the UK called the viewers and listeners association. They lobbied to enforce decency in the media. No-one has heard of her now, of course, but in the late 70s... Anyway, I think it ironic that when Pink Floyd produced this album the punks all slammed the group; and PF were were the ones crying out against the establishment. Sometimes you can't win."))
(5.0, (u'B0000032C1', u'I am having a hard time picking the worst track on this CD. I actually own "The Transformed Man", which is William Shatner\'s CD that includes "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" and "Mr. Tambourine Man". That CD isn\'t as bad as the rap it gets, BTW.  Then I picked up Leonard Nimoy\'s "Mr. Spock\'s Music from Outer Space."  That one confuses me, as I don\'t understand the theme.  Then I purchased "Golden Throats". From Eddie Albert\'s heart pounding "Blowin\' in the Wind", to Mae West\'s shrieking "Twist and Shout", all the way to the obscene Jim Nabor\'s "You are the Sunshine of My Life", this CD is loaded with the most frightening collection of celebrity "music" ever assembled. If you are ever hosting a party that won\'t end, plop this jewel into your CD player. You\'ll have an empty house in no time!'))
(5.0, (u'B000003NA3', u"THE COMPLETE 1961 VILLAGE VANGUARD RECORDINGS is an outstanding album from Coltranes largest transitional period.  To think that just two years prior to that show, he was a straight bopper putting out such albums as GIANT STEPS.  Songs on the Vanguard disks such as Chasin' the Trane, Impressions and India were the clearest signal that Coltrane was an always will be one of the leading pioneers in the jazz field.  Also, featured on this recording is the avant-gard stylings of the late Eric Dolphy.  Dolphy is a sizzling soloist as wll as a seasoned sideman playing with acts such as Coltrane and Charles Mingus.  His bass clarinet and high alto sax provide an extra vehicle for Coltranes tunes to take full shape.  Overall, THE COMPLETE 1961 VILLAGE VANGUARD RECORDINGS is, in my opinion, on of the best collections of Tranes tunes and soul that you can find.  If you already have the single disk master takes that was originally released, you should still purchase this masterpeic! e, it is certainly worth the price."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZFN', u"I might as well say this up front: when I first purchased A Passion Play, lo those many years ago, I loathed it. I'd already been listening to Tull for some time at that point, so it wasn't a matter of simple lack of exposure. Rather, the album was simply more complex, 'deeper' if you will, than my normal fare (even the majority of Tull!), and so I disliked it.As someone once said of King Crimson's album Larks' Tongues in Aspic, &quot;I find myself often returning to this album that I hated the first three times I played it, and now merely dislike intensely. But I know I'll play it again tomorrow, if for no other reason than that I've found albums that are hard to enjoy in the beginning sometimes offer the most rewards and lasting pleasure in the long run.&quot; I could not summarize my feelings toward this album better. Though I would normally be reluctant to give five stars to something (&quot;star inflation&quot; is rife in these online review systems)! , A Passion Play deserves it, even if it takes one hundred plays to realise that fact.It should be noted that one of the disks of Tull's Nightcap is strongly related; The Chateau D'isaster Tapes is basically a set of outtakes from the preliminary recording sessions of A Passion Play, and shares many thematic elements with its descendant. (It is also quite good.)"))
(5.0, (u'B000007SCC', u"The Kingston, Ontario quintet has delivered an exquisite palette of tones, emotions and musical craftsmanship with their most recent effort.  Building upon both the jagged edges and the satiny lines that defined &quot;Trouble at the Henhouse&quot; and &quot;Day for Night&quot;, the Hip have taken their collective artistic and aesthetic vision a step farther in what is certainly their best effort, top to bottom, since the passionate &quot;Fully Completely.&quot;  God, er, Gord Downie's lyrics define him further as the premier mystic mythic in music today, and the myriad meanings derived will leave even the most discerning listener discovering new gems of perspective for a very long time to come.From the gently rousing rural roots of &quot;Bobcaygeon&quot; to the visceral &quot;Vapour Trails&quot; and on into the sociocomic observations implicit in &quot;Fireworks&quot; and &quot;Emperor Penguin&quot;, this latest compilation from the band forever barred from Moncton i! s a portrait in contrasts and dichotomies: and of beloved diligence.Much is made that the Hip have yet to secure a broad U.S. audience, and yet for those that have formed a personal alliance with this powerful Canadian entity the mainstream view remains irrelevant.  &quot;Phantom Power&quot; finds this formidable group at the peak of their game, firing laser shots into the four hole from just outside the blue line.The Killer Whale is loosed!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007SHH', u"Intelligence, grace, power and excitement.  Fripp, Belew, Levin and Bruford are phenomenal.  The forces of their prospective musical natures compliment each other exquisitely.  Sartori In Tangier is to be savored like a fine brandy.  Heartbeat is forever haunting, among the most beautiful ballads ever written.  Frame By Frame is awesome without being overwhelming.  The enthusiasm and appreciation of the audience is surpassed only by these musician's respect for their own music.  The love they invest definately shows. I attended a concert of this particular tour when it came to Chicago.  I also was there for the previous year when sadly the show was not allowed to proceed due to a power blackout.  Adrian Belew was considerate enough to offer his condolences in a local publication.  The fans were rewarded the following year with a mighty show that made the wait that much more sweet.  The excitement of seeing and hearing it happen live adds a dimension to the studio versio! ns that is not to be missed.  I've wished for a recording of this tour for 14 years, making this package that much more valuable.  &quot;Tears of a Waiting Man&quot;, indeed.There are those who may be driven to detract from the joyous sound herein with terms like 'self-indulgent' and 'pretentious'.  Not a bit of it!  These men are music - and every bit of it!  There are few bands that can both challenge the intellect while enveloping those seeking to be carried away by tunefulness with the grace, elegance and taste of music at its best. There are no weak moments on this record.  Sleepless, Three Of A Perfect Pair and Matte Kudasai are wonderful.  Larks' Tongues in Aspic (Part  II) has rarely sounded better - a pure flight with the control of a ballet.  King Crimson excels not only at the mixing of intricacies of polyphony but manages to do it without merely hypnotizing with the Byzantine complication of lesser bands who have attempted to tread these paths.  Form is respecte! d, but so too is infection.  Love and discipline are indeed!  dependent upon each other.  The proof is here to hear - at last."))
(5.0, (u'B000007V16', u"Stephen Duffy has a history of writing pristine, hooky pop music--in the eighties as &quot;Tin Tin&quot; and &quot;The Lilac Time&quot; and more recently under his own name (as well as co-writing songs for Barenaked Ladies).  &quot;I Love My Friends&quot; continues where his previous effort, &quot;Duffy&quot;, left off.  On &quot;Duffy&quot;, Duffy moved away from the shimmering production and bucolic instrumentation of his Lilac Time period and added some distinctly rock elements (helped by producer Mitch Easter).  On &quot;I Love My Friends&quot;, he bridges the gap between the two.  This album is bristling with melody and introspection.  It seems like Duffy raided his diaries from adolescence through adulthood.  And he sets it all to brilliant power-pop instrumentation--a cross between Matthew Sweet and Andy Partridge (the latter of whom produces two tracks here).  Lots of sing-along melodies, hand claps and &quot;ooohs&quot; and &quot;la's&quot;.  Other guests in! clude Justin Welch (Elastica), Alex James (Blur), Rick Menck (Velvet Crush) and Aimee Mann.  Fans of these folks can expect to love this album!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000018D', u"Along with &quot;Straight Up&quot; and &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, &quot;No Dice&quot; represents the very best of Badfinger.  This second album by the immensely talented and equally star-crossed Welsh/Liverpudlian quartet is an absolute must-have.  Power-pop defining &quot;No Matter What&quot; and the ever-green ballad &quot;Without You&quot; are hands-down classics while &quot;We're For The Dark&quot;, &quot;Midnight Caller&quot;, and &quot;Blodwyn&quot; are three of the late and great Pete Ham's most beautiful songs.  The previously unreleased bonus track &quot;I'll Be The One&quot; is a treasure.  This album is a great introduction for new fans of Badfinger.  Veteran fans should, if they have not already, check out &quot;7 Park Avenue&quot;, an incredible collection of Pete Ham demos spanning the late sixties until 1975."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KZ5', u"Of all Crenshaw's albums, this one comes closest to perfection in his quest for pop tunes capturing the highs and lows of love. From the exuberant &quot;Whenever You're On My Mind&quot; to the gut-wrenching &quot;All I Know Right Now,&quot; Marshall writes songs that touch a deep chord in our hearts. Smart lyrics, great tunes -- you can't ask for more. Try playing it right after &quot;Marshall Crenshaw,&quot; his initial release. There's a continuity between the two albums that makes me think they could have been a double album. They're both great, but I think &quot;Field Day&quot; is the better album. It's Crenshaw's &quot;Pet Sounds.&quot; Buy it. You'll never take it from your &quot;heavy rotation&quot; CD pile. I haven't. Not a week has gone by when I haven't played it since it came out 15 years ago."))
(5.0, (u'B000002L7Z', u"People seem to be embarrassed about the eighties - Reagan, yuppies, and all that.  But Cupid and Psyche manages to catch most of what was breezy, light, and maddingly catchy in that time.  &quot;Perfect Way&quot; is a good start - complex chord changes, a poppy drum machine in the background, and an innocent declaration &quot;I've got a perfect way to make the girls go crazy.&quot;  Yowsah!  And this is not hits+filler - all the songs milk the 80's New Romanticism for all their worth.  Together with ABC's Lexicon of Love, this an album you keep in the back of your collection and play when no one's watching.  Go for it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002J2S', u'I first heard Jewel sing on the Oprah show....the sound of her voice resonated deep within my own energies.  I knew I would purchase her CD.From the first playing I knew in my heart that this young lady was chosen as a special voice through Spirit to bring a &quot;heart truthness&quot; into the world. She sings of the major lessons we are each incarnated at this time to learn:  judgment, excess, and love....her words are harsh at times, but in these times of ever-changing trials, this is exactly what the world needs to hear in order to restore peace and harmony on a global scale.The tone of her voice resonates within each cell of the physical body, at exactly the correct rate to heal.....truly beautiful messages....'))
(5.0, (u'B000008UUH', u"I THINK THIS ALBUM REALLY SHOWS HOW MONICA HAS MATURED.SHE REALLY HAS GROWN UP AND HER VOICE HAS REALLY MATURED.INSTEAD OF SINGING ABOUT THINGS LIKE ''WHY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH'' AND ''BEFORE YOU WALK OUT OF MY LIFE''.SHE'S TALKING ABOUT THINGS LIKE HER BOYFRIEND GETTING ANOTHER GIRL PREGNANT (RING DA BELL) AND ABOUT HER BOYFRIEND WHOSE TREATING HER DIFFERENT BECAUSE HE LIKES TO HUSSLE INSTEAD OF BEING WITH HER(STREET SYMPHONY).I THINK THAT SHE REALLY TRIED HARD TO MAKE THIS CD DA BOMB AND SHE DID A FANTASTIC JOB.I HAVE HER CD'S AND SINGLES AND I AM A REALLY BIG FAN OF HER'S.I HOPE WHENEVER HER THIRD ALBUM COMES OUT THAT IT IS JUST AS GOOD AS THE SECOND BUT KNOWING HER IT WILL BE BETTER.SO IF ANYONE WANTS TO GET IT BUT THINKS THAT IT MIGHT NOT BE WORTH $12.99.I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT IT IS ALL THAT AND THEN SOME!!!!!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009CNB', u"Straight Faced once again plows ahead of the rest and knocks us all down with another killer album. After jumping to Epitaph from Fearless, the huge production on this new baby roasts.  Conditioned burns with energy, drips of anger and hits the listener like a ton of bricks.  With songs about family (Revolve), people that just can't keep their mouth shut (Rumor Mill), and greed (greed motivates), Straight Faced know what's important to them and to the scene.  The drumming on this is amazing, the sound is huge, and with 15 tracks, the heat never dies.  If you like old-school '88 style hardcore, with the punch of 90's California melodicore, there is nothing better than an album from Straight Faced. I can only hope this gets the attention it deserves."))
(5.0, (u'6302503507', u"&quot;Brides of Dracula&quot; is one of the best Hammer vampire films, in terms of casting, settings, performances and overall ambience. Unlike later entries in the Hammer vampire genre, the costuming is authentic to the period (indeed, quite beautiful). The interior shots of the coach, the inn, and especially the young woman's wake were so rich with color that I could almost smell the old wood and feel the textures. David Peel plays a vampire who actually is allowed to have a personality and speak lines, and he does a wonderful job. He also is close to the most erotic male vampire in the Hammer line, with a &quot;tongue bite&quot; in one memorable scene!  I definitely recommend this film. The storyline works well until the ending, where Hammer usually shoots itself in the foot, alas, by feeling obligated to kill off the vampires and show a happy ending.  The film's most famous scene, in which Van Helsing cauterizes himself with a red-hot branding iron, is deservedly re! membered.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002IOG', u"Gretchen Goes to Nebraska is a carefully-engineered album of unparalleled power, beauty, and musicianship.  The vocals of Doug Pinnick are truly archival; there is no other vocalist in any rock genre to which one dare compare him, and he's at his finest on tracks like &quot;I'll Never Be the Same&quot; and &quot;Over My Head&quot;.  Drummer Jerry Gaskill lays down a base for the multi-layered harmonies of voice and string in a style reminiscent of John Bonham without being derivative in any way, and brings a truly distinctive feel to each track.  Guitarist Ty Tabor's fantastic tone and tantalizing riffs can make one get lost in the music instantly, and his wonderfully-constructed and executed solos on songs like &quot;The Burning Down&quot; remind you why guitarists did solos to begin with.  This album is a testament to the balance of power and control, and the lyrics and music go far beyond reasonable or unreasonable expectations.  There is no musician who understands ! why King's X has not become the most popular band on the face of the earth, and no listener who isn't grateful each time they produce another fantastic album. I'd love to give you a band to compare them to, but it just isn't possible.  One description I've heard that gets close is a combination of the Beatles, Yes, King Crimson, and Stevie Ray Vaughan.  The only description I can use is perfect.  Buy this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IXM', u"Overall, it's probably King's X's most uneven album -- there are actually a song or two that really don't measure up to the incredibly high standard King's X has set over the year.  Having said that, King's X has put together probably five of their best songs ever on this CD, with a much heavier sound that closely resembles their live performances.  Led Zeppelin's Physical Graffiti had a fantastic set of five or six songs in a row, ranging from Custard Pie to Kashmir, and the first six songs off Dogman compare favorably to the classic Led Zeppelin run.  The power of tracks like Dogman, Pretend, Fool You, and Cigarettes only further demonstrates what King's X has always known: In music, power is contrast.  You can actually feel the agony woven throughout the entire album, not unlike Pink Floyd at their finest.  Dogman is a tremendous effort, second only to Gretchen Goes to Nebraska, but with higher highs and lower lows."))
(5.0, (u'B0000072NS', u"A single sixty-minute piece of music, dense and experimental, but ultimately the most rewarding album from this man.Released by Virgin with almost no publicity, its lack of success hastened Oldfield's departure from the label.  With good promotion this could have been the commercial equal of Tubular Bells or Ommadawn, the cover of which it echoes.The first theme is stated after about four minutes of introduction, and from then to the almost obligatory African drum ending this episodic epic moves to touch a hundred musical bases: from mad flamenco to reggae to choral to recorders.  And all this is overlaid on ingenious &quot;music concrete&quot; which includes toothbrushing, a racing car and an aeromodeller's toolkit.Not the album to introduce a friend to Oldfield's music, but well worth a listen if you already like the instrumental albums of the seventies."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NB3', u"Hi, I just would like to say I am the biggest Jaci Velasquez fan in the world! I have all 2 of her CD's and they are literally on wheather I am at my computer or sitting in my room, they are playing!  I wish to meet her someday! I went to her concert in my hometown but she was sick and had to go home early after the concert so she couldn't sign autograph's but a good guy on the Net got her autograph for me when he went to her concert. I really hope to meet her and if you haven't gotten the album yet, you had better get it NOW!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000020C4', u"This cd is probably la creme de la creme of the many recordings of Les Miserables. The only recordings that compare to it are the original French Concept recording and the Original Broadway Cast recording, featuring my favorite Tony Award Winners Michael Maguire and Frances Ruffelle. Many of the other recordings often have a few excellent singers, but every now and then you run into a singer who you're not particularly fond of on the recording. This cd features an all-star cast, each one perfect in their role. Les Miserables is an incredibly powerful musical, it has the power to grab you emotionally. Whether expressing the morn of a poor, beaten teenager who is experiencing unrequited love, or the anger and spirit of a young revolutionary, this music has the power to show feelings that each of us has felt at one time. The music is beautiful, and in my opinion, is the best musical in the world. You will not be disapointed if you buy this cd, I guarantee that you will ado! re on the first listening. I did."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LTG', u"For the second recording of the small ensemble called Brooklyn tabernacle Singers, this is superb!  So much of the music speaks to the soul and spiritual experience of the listener in a profound way.  The title cut, &quot;Only To Him&quot; is a most fitting intro to what will be a time of refreshing, reflection, and adoration of the Lord Jesus Christ.  The ensemble's rendition of &quot;Blessed Be the Name of the Lord,&quot; and &quot;God is Able&quot; sparked those two songs into regular use in many churches and other spiritual events.Carol Cymbala has truly put together an anointed recording that I continue to enjoy...some 6+ years after it was released.  I hope she does it again!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002N1Q', u"I first heard the title song on a &quot;Keep The Faith&quot; cd collection I bought. i have since purchased the CD. The first time I heard Field of Souls I cried, simply because it spoke to me. I cannot be a missionary, and leave husband and children, but Wayne's song showed me that I am important to the Lord for remembering to pray for those who can. The rest of the CD is wonderful, and the song called &quot;Rock Steady' is very upbeat, fast, and to the point, I love it. Also another fav is &quot;Don't You remember&quot;. They all speak to your heart. The Lord placed this specific CD at my fingertips, I ask Him for it before going in the store, and I just wanted to check out the sale table, since new owners had taken over, and were discounting everything with the other stores label. And as I started through the long line of CD's, this was the 3rd. He gave it to me, He is wonderful, and Wayne shares his love of Him with you. You won't be sorry"))
(5.0, (u'0767827740', u"This movie is an absolute masterpiece, and although I don't think everyone would feel comfortable watching this painful movie, I think everyone should. For those who were popular and well-liked in Jr. High, this movie will show how it was like on the other side. I think if every parent and every child were to see this movie, it might somehow change the world. Children might be able to be a little less cruel, and it will also help parents to remember how utterly painful it was to grow up. I think adults should be well informed of the way kids are treated today, that it's not all sugar and spice and love thy brother. This movie captures it perfectly.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VT6', u"In this incredibly enchanting album, Sarah McLachlan delivers both soulful melodic substance and raw lyric power with effortless grace. The compelling and mournful &quot;Do What You Have to Do&quot; has such effect as to send the soul plummeting downward into that quiet state of empathatic grief so beautifully described, only to be resurrected by the incredibly powerful &quot;Witness&quot;. Sarah McLachlan's amazing talent lies in her ability to summarize complex aspects of the human condition by simply translating a whisper of that emotion into her music, such as in the resonant hope of &quot;Angel&quot; or loving, inward remorse of &quot;Adia&quot;. Never before has anyone done this so eloquently, and never bevore has there existed an artist like Sarah McLachlan. This is truly a beautiful album from a truly beautiful artist."))
(5.0, (u'B000002PID', u"Nanci's voice and talent always shine whether she's performing in the studio or in concert, but this album really stands out as one one of her best (along with &quot;Other Voices, Other Rooms&quot;-#1).  Compared to many live albums by other artists, her performance here sounds truly live and not contrived (like she didn't know they were taping it to make it into an album):  it has a warmth and sincerity which makes you almost think she's performing for you and some of your friends around a campfire.  If you've never sampled Nanci's music before, this is a great place to start; if you just enjoy great folk/country music, I'm sure you'll enjoy this one."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RQQ', u'Sarah Mclachlan, in my opinion, is one of the many underrated musical talents of contemporary music today.  Her album Rarities, B-sides, and other stuff is a concrete example of her ability to weave her thoughts and feelings into her performance making it into what she wants us as listeners to hear.  The three remixes at the end of the album provide an interesting new beat to familiar ballads and give the dance music more flow and cohesiveness to it.  If you have heard Sarah on mainstream radio and want to get an album that shows her range I definately recommend this one.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000IV0', u"Best album of the '90s?  I don't know because that's always hard to say and the decade isn't even over yet.  However, it's certain that it'll be in the top five when people look back at the '90s.The music influenced by this album has become such a part of the present music scene, it's easy to forget how innovative the songs off this album were at the time.  Nobody had ever really seen anything like the awesome songs on Nevermind.And, unlike Bleach, Cobain showed on this album that he could do both hard and soft stuff, which I think is essential for any post-'60s group to have an enduring influence and popularity.All in all, a must for anyone who listens to music."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SAV', u"This album is so hot, you might wind up with smoke coming out of your CD player. Setzer GETS IT and it shows on every cut of this outstanding CD. Particularly noteworthy is Setzer's version of &quot;Jump Jive an' Wail,&quot; the old Louie Prima tune recently featured in the recent Gap commercial. And beyond the authenticity and obvious relish with which Setzer handles swing, it needs to be mentioned that this guy is a terrific guitar player. (Check out his version of Sleepwalk.) In any event, take my word for it: The Dirty Boogie is as good as you're likely to hear anytime soon. Click your One-Clink button now. You won't regret it."))
(5.0, (u'6304490135', u'This is one awesome movie. From the start to finish, I was hooked.  First of all. Arnold actually did decent acting, which was a surprise.  Sharon Stone is superp and the cast and characters is wide and entertaining. Not one character seemed out of place. Now, as for the movie it self..it rtocks!! The way the director filmed humanity, dark and depressed in a decaying world both on Earth and Mars is very well done and amazingly realistic to human nature.  The story is entertaining with the main character, who is really not himself, is entwined in a series of events that uncover a great plot.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000002LFU', u"Released on election day 1988, &quot;Green&quot; is something of a portentous milestone in modern rock: here was a &quot;quirky&quot; band whose signing to a major label (Warner Bros.) from an &quot;indie&quot; label (IRS) was an indication of a mighty shift in popular music. Although some fans were insulted by the switch to a major label, no one heard their cries over the obnoxious peals of god-awful metal solos emanating from Mtv; the late eighties was The Age of Butt-Rock, and the political decisions of some little college-band-that-could simply had no impact on the rest of the free world.Or so they thought. &quot;Green&quot;, with its biggest hit &quot;Stand&quot; hitting high on the charts, suggested that perhaps big hair and pyrotechnics weren't a necessary part of pop music, and the album now stands as a testament to REM's persistence and, ultimately, their impact on the direction modern rock took in the early 90's. The &quot;alternative&quot; revolution was ! little more than punk energy melding with college quirk, and these days your average pop music fan laughs --openly and freely-- at those fools with big hair and ripped jeans. &quot;Green&quot; was an omen of good things to come, fully three years before anyone else realized what those good things might be.It's also an interesting album musically. There's a high quirk factor (lead singer Michael Stipe's lyrics are as abstract as ever), but also sweet chiming of acoustic guitars and mandolins. It's a gentle album, and not nearly as schizophrenic as &quot;Lifes Rick Pageant.&quot; It's a good listen, a great album for drives (I'd imagine especially in the southern US, although I don't have emperical evidence of this) or for hot, humid summer nights. It's a quiet album --one could almost call it &quot;innocent&quot;-- but its subtlety rocked the music industry to its foundations."))
(5.0, (u'0916896390', u'I learned to tat with a needle before reading this book and wish I had read it beforehand. The choice of tatting methods enabled me to learn to  perfect my needle tatting skills and learn shuttle tatting skills quickly and easily with minimal help from a friend. (By minimal I mean 2 minutes. Really!!)  The many forms of tatting ( motifs, edgings, doodles,jewelry, etc...) with the many examples of each form leave the imagination soaring for the designer in all of us.The detailed instructon  on  finishing techniques is invaluable. I highly recommend this book to anyone who has an interest in tatting!!!!'))
(5.0, (u'B00000268A', u"I wouldn't say I'm a big The The fan, but this album is one of those I have to keep with me as the years go by. From the beginning to the end, it's a consistent vision (in fact, it's possibly a little TOO consistent, lyrically), and doesn't quite sound like anything else.Like a movie soundtrack, themes are set up and explored through the whole album. This is not to say that all the songs sound alike; not at all. But they all share a certain mood, a sense of time and place.Rhythmically, the album is hard to beat. Every song grabs you and lodges in your head long after it's stopped playing. Texturally, most of the pieces here are incredibly rich - each song is creatively arranged and produced, building tension the way a good story would. &quot;Sweet Bird of Youth&quot; is a good example.If you're ready for a singular artist's glorious vision of his own particular corner of hell, give this a try."))
(5.0, (u'B0000028KZ', u"Haran hits a home run with this live album. She invites the everyday person into the exclusive world of the Algonquin's Oak Room where she makes all feel welcome. She combines superb music selection with a keen wit, so missed among today's performers. Haran has chosen her back-up musicians well, and they only help complement the warm, umber voice of Haran. Her stories regarding the pieces and their writers both entertain and inform. Additionally, the diversity of the pieces (everything from Jobim's very Latin-sounding Waters of March to Dorothy Field's &quot;provocative&quot; Let's Do It) represents Haran's ability as a singer of American Popular Standards, showtunes, jazz stand-bys and world rythyms. The end of the album features Haran paying homage to Tony Bennett, the successor to the late Frank Sinatra as guardian of the old-school crooners, who is in the audience. Mr. Bennett's voice can barely be heard thanking Haran for her praise and at this, Haran appears very ! nervous, making her seem to the listener as one of us, not an upity cabaret singer. This is a superb way to tie in the vintage tunes (Bennett) to the young, energetic singer (Haran). Good job, Mary!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000638D', u"I first heard about N SYNC on the Disney Channel when, for about a month, I WANT YOU BACK and TEARIN' UP MY HEART were playing on every commercial. At first I was thinking, Oh, great. Another music special I'll hafta steer away from every night, because the DC has aired a special w/ Brandy &amp; Ray J a year ago, &amp; since I'm not especially a big fan of their music, it bugged me to death. However, after I heard I WANT YOU BACK a few times, I was glued to the TV every time I heard it come on. I bought their CD &amp; I listen to it every day. It takes a lot for me to open up to something I don't like (such as this kind of music), &amp; now I'm listening to it 24/7, so I guess it must be a really great buy, huh? Seriously, if you've listened to anything like N SYNC before, you hafta go out and buy this CD!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002I79', u"John Prine's clever lyrics and pretty melodies made an impact on my life.  I own six of his recordings, but the best is Sweet Revenge.  There are very few albums that have four outrageously memorable songs, but Sweet Revenge does.  They are Blue Umbrella, A Good Time, Mexican Home and Dear Abby.Blue Umbrella is a guy deciding whether to break it off with his girl, and he's doing the deciding while walking in the rain under a blue umbrella.  It has great lines, typically great &quot;Prine Lines.&quot;  This song touches my heart.A Good Time is also fine.  The chorus is &quot;But, I never understood what a good time could cost... Til last night, when I sat and talked with you.&quot;  Talking with her made him understand.Mexican home is a mood song.  Its unusual rhythms and mellow delivery almost make you think of the influence of alcohol.Dear Abby is Prine's humor at its most wry.  If you can listen without smiling, I wouldn't want to spend time with you.! This album is an absolute must for any Prine Fan."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAR', u"As I've said in my other reviews, Sgt. Pepper and Abbey Road are my two favorite Beatles albums, but Revolver is certainly one of their best (and one of the best of all time).  From a great commentary (&quot;Taxman&quot;) to beautiful melodies (&quot;Here, There and Everywhere&quot; and &quot;For No One&quot;) to something a lot of us can relate to (&quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;) to a great Eastern-influenced song (&quot;Love You To&quot;) to wonderfully experimental (&quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;) to damn catchy tunes (&quot;Yellow Submarine,&quot; &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; and &quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot;), this album has it all.  Should be in any music lover's collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NYT', u"One can only wonder why this lady never broke thru. She has one of most impressive vocals ever recorded.  She had many hits but never attained the commercial success. Maybe with this hits package she will.  Gail soars with these remakes of her classics. For example listen to Jagged edge,  I'll be there, Tell me why or if you like a little softer edge try a go at Grandma's song, Not a day, Kentucky. Listening to these songs makes me want all her albums on cd. Gail was one of the first to write and produce her own songs. She surely knows what to do in the mist of wearing many hats. If you want a true artist with style for music here is your gift. I only wish there were more tracks but with 20 selections it's still a hit."))
(5.0, (u'B000005H0B', u"Last night I went late to the jazz festival here. I didn't want to go but Scofield was there.  I had trouble finding him at first as he was not on the main stage.  I had to walk down a trail through some woods to a clearing to find Scof and the band grooving in the night for a small but very appreciative crowd of devotees.I can't give you the exact feeling from last night.  I'll never forget it.  Everyone was animated because you just gotta move when music is that good.  It was all smiles and enthusiasm.  Scof has very devoted followers and if you dig his music I'm sure you know why.  There's something almost spiritual about his music and the way he presents it...like a man on a mission.He's relentless in hunting down that elusive next creation that scurries away if it finds you looking at it before it's fully created.  A Scofield show will almost surely be successful in this as John insists.If you go to a Scofield concert and don't of a sudden discover you're ! floating a few feet above the bodies of the crowd, you need to unwind.  He sends me man.This album has some of the flavor of the concert I saw in the woods last night.  Scofield lets the other players fully develope their own insights on each tune then picks through them to find the materials to build the next structure to hang the song on.Scof is a master of improv and especially with this sort of coffee house band he really lets it hang out.  Often I am reminded of Ornette Coleman or John Coletrane when Scof takes the long way from point a to point b.  No straight lines here."))
(5.0, (u'B0000011P6', u"Well Robin outdid himself again. That's a usual procedure with him. These two albums sound different, but then Long Misty Days has remnants of his earlier work on them too. Very nice work however. In City Dreams has  very slick low register guitar lines in it that really stick in your head. It's a moderate tempo piece that rolls along and takes you with it. I've heard people say that Robin is trying to rip off Jimi Hendrix. Nothing is further from the truth. If you've listen to Jimi at all and then Robin, the difference is night and day. They have two completely different techniques and sounds. Nobody will ever replace Jimi, and like wise no one will ever replace Robin either. I have tried to emulate Robin and I just get lost. I don't think it can be done. These two albums deserve to be in your collection along with Twice Removed From Yesterday and Bridge of Sighs. GO ON Buy them!!!  Trust me you'll be glad you did. You're not buying the London Bridge just really great ! music!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002NJF', u"I've always considered movie soundtracks a cheat for the musically uninformed with lukewarm opinions and limited repertoires, but this compilation of talent has converted me.  From Joe Williams and Rosemary Clooney (Jazz gods) to Kevin Spacey (Who knew?), Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil holds its own as a balanced composite of talent and a suitable bow to Johnny Mercer's gifted songwriting.If you're very lucky, this soundtrack will introduce you to new artists, perhaps Cassandra Wilson, Diana Krall, or Kevin Mahogany.  Or, if you're equally fortunate, it will redefine the talents of artists you've overlooked, such as Paula Cole and Alison Eastwood.Listen and enjoy."))
(5.0, (u'B000002B1O', u"This CD is one of the most beautiful and heartwrenching collections of music I have ever heard.  Some artists ask to take you on a journey with them. October Project picks you up and carries you along through falling in and out of love, loneliness, emotional turmoil, to the beginning and end of the world, with a few sly literary references sneaked in along the way. Mary Fahl's voice is phenomenal, spinechilling,  and unforgettable.  This album definitely fits in goosebump territory, and very seldom gets too far from my stereo.Intelligent, powerful, absolutely essential.What were the executives at Epic/Sony thinking when they dropped this band??  (Of course, to quote Jill Sobule, another unjustly dropped artist, &quot;I wasn't thinking at all.&quot;)"))
(5.0, (u'B000002BZ0', u"THE DIXIE CHICKS PREMIER CD IS ONE OF THE BEST CD'S I'VE EVER PURCHASED, AND I BELIEVE THAT SAYS A LOT FROM A 17 YEAR OLD NATIVE NEW YORKER.  BEHIND POWERFUL LEAD VOCALS FROM NATALIE MAINES, THE CHICKS BLEND IN THE EXCELLENT SOUNDS FROM THE TWO OTHER TALENTED MEMBERS, EMILY ERWIN(ON BANJO AND DOBRO) AND MARTIE SEIDEL(ON VIOLIN).  THEY GIVE A PURE UNPARALLELED SOUND WHICH IS WHAT GIVES THE CD ITS FLASH.  WHILE MIXING BALLADS, LIKE &quot;ONCE YOU'VE LOVED SOMEBODY&quot;, AND &quot;I'LL TAKE CARE OF YOU&quot;  WITH MORE UPBEAT SONGS SUCH AS &quot;I CAN LOVE YOU BETTER&quot; AND &quot;LET ER RIP&quot; THEY CREATE AN EASY FLOWING PACE TO THE CD.  I CAN NOT SAY ENOUGH POSITIVE THINGS ABOUT THIS CD, SO DONT WASTE ANY MORE TIME.  MAKE THE PURCHASE, AS YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G3Y', u"This album is an absolute joy to listen to.  A majority of &quot;people&quot; in my age category do not particularly enjoy listening to music from this period of time for they feel that the &quot;classical&quot; portion of the songs are &quot;boring&quot; and &quot;stupid.&quot;  I, personally, pity them (smiles).  Anyway, Styx Greatest Hits can be both fast-paced(renegade) and relaxing(Come Sail Away). It's a &quot;concert for your ears,&quot; I guess.  Also, compared to other albums from other groups such as The Moody Blues Greatest Hits, it has extremely clear and crisp sound quality.  All in all, this is an excellent album and I definetly recommend this to anyone."))
(5.0, (u'B000003P4I', u"Normally, collections are just a repetition of similar products of the same artists. Mike Gill has done a master job, as he did not take the easiest road, but did research Dusty's marvellous repertoire and rescued real gems that would otherwise remain out of reach, for her fans. If one is listening to Dusty for the 1st time, well, the double CD gives a complete coverage of the work of the best female singer around the world. All of her facets are here, and she had far too many. Her eclecticism, her easiness as she changed from a rock'n'roll to a passionate ballad...  Impressive how well Dusty manages in French and Italian! She is not just a singer, but she acts as the character in her song. If you haven't heard it yet, don't waste time."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SBD', u"Perhaps my review is a bit prejudiced in that I have been a fan of Nancy's for years and feel that her music gets better and better. &quot;Other Voices, Too&quot; is a wonderful blend of down home country and stirring folk ballads; second volume of the very successful release entitled &quot;Other Voices,Other Rooms&quot; released in 1992.  &quot;Other Rooms, Too&quot; carries on the tradition of heartfelt storytelling in music as only Nancy can do it. &quot;Try The Love&quot;  by Pat McLaughlin is a favorite. McLaughlin and Ms Griffith sing togather on this wonderful call back to the love that was &quot;once hidden.&quot; One of my personal favorites, &quot;If I Had A Hammer&quot; written by Pete Seeger and Lee Hayes inspires the listener to consider, once again, the legacy of fighting for justice  that became the political voice of the volatile 60's social movements. Nancy, joined by Odetta, Gillian Welch and many others makes the listener want to once again take to th! e streets in protest of injustice. Not since Peter, Paul and Mary's rendition of the song has there been a better and more moving commentary. James Hookers piano and Ron De La Vega's Bass have established the Blue Moon Orchestera (Nancy's Band) as a serious and artful band, able to blend the new and the old in a way that is exciting, making the listener anticipate the next release."))
(5.0, (u'B0000000M0', u"For me, listening to &quot;Dog Eared Dream&quot; is a little like seeing the movie version of a favorite novel. You know you are not going to be entirely satisfied because your experience with the material is so much broader than the more popular vehicle could possibly present.I had the great pleasure of performing with Willy in the early '90's, so I have an intimate knowledge of his superior virtuosity, pristine voice and artistic integrity. &quot;Dog Eared Dream&quot; delivers beautifully on material I was familliar with (&quot;Watercolor&quot;, &quot;Cool Water&quot;), provides fresh new gems (&quot;Angry Words&quot;, &quot;Boab Tree&quot;) and tosses in something for no discernable reason(&quot;Be Here Now&quot;), rather like a good screenplay adaptation of a classic book.On balance without prejudice, this is a strong offering that should expose many more people to the talent that is Willy Porter."))
(5.0, (u'B0000069NM', u"This recording is a phenomenon.  I went to a MMW concert recently and there were a lot of young folks there.  One fellow struck up a conversation saying he had come down from Seattle for this.  He wondered how I knew of MMW and I told him that I'm an old Scofield fan.  He told me about how he was just discovering Scof etc.This album is shaking up some worlds.  Last night I went to a Scofield concert and was delighted to find that the attendees were generally younger than I.  Most jazz shows in this town are attended by your nose-in-the-air, dried up, dusty, BORING jazz &quot;enthusiasts&quot;.  Jazz is something else to me than soft and easy listening milk-toast.Now John Scofield, there's some jazz.  I have never heard an album from him I didn't like and this is no exception.  &quot;Scof&quot; means something's gonna touch you and make you feel it.This recording has a lot of variety due to the eclectic nature of MMW.  They are so much fun, and so is John, that ! this music is just plain enjoyable.  It lifts my spirits to listen to it.  It's actually quite comedic in places.I hope these guys get together for another one some time as this is an excellant combination."))
(5.0, (u'B000006EJB', u'This is the Jones album that everyone who ever heard George sing will agree is his best in quite awhile.  As a fan I have collected over 40 of his albums, and while I treasure everyone of them, this goes to the front of the case.  &quot;Wild Irish Rose&quot; shows that his voice is as strong as it has ever been, while &quot;Over You&quot; reflects the great emotion that he can bring to a song.  &quot;Over You&quot; puts a lump in my throat everytime I hear it. If you like traditional ballads this is the album for you.  It is a true shame that this artist and much of his best work will never get the air time it deserves.'))
(5.0, (u'630418431X', u'Galaxy Express 999 is at tale of the future like most Anime movies.  It is the story of a boy trying to find his mothers killers in a world filled with people giving up their humanity to become robots.  He is found by Maytel a mysterious woman, and together they board the Galaxy Express 999 to find the killers. The 999 is a starship in the form of a classic train, it stops at different planets, onto its ultimate destination, the Mecha homeworld.  Each stop is filled with adventure as the boy befriends many different people.  I highly recommend this old Anime classic to anyone.  Fun and enjoyable!  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000008UTE', u"I wasn't the type of Rich Mullins fan who ran out and bought his music as soon as it landed on the shelf. I always enjoyed his music, though, and I bought _The Jesus Record_ mostly because I was intrigued by what a rough, unvarnished Mullins might sound like and... OK, I'll admit it, partly because his death meant that this CD was &quot;the last&quot; of his music.What a blessing my curiosity was! I haven't stopped listening.Disk #1, which is simply Rich by himself on guitar or piano, was recorded on an inexpensive recorder to be used as a demo for the studio. It's simplicity is haunting and the music is classic in the same vein as _Winds of Heaven_. No dulcimer or electronic enhancement. Simply Rich.Disk #2 is as elegant and moving as a tribute as disk #1 is in its simplicity. The two disks complement each other while being in stark contrast in production technique.I recommend, if you were like me and simply just &quot;appreciated&quot; Rich Mullins and his!  music, to buy this CD set.If you are a Mullins fan, maybe get a couple of copies. You're certain to wear out at least one set of them."))
(5.0, (u'B000005B08', u"All inventive music in England comes out of the struggle of the North....Chumbawamba is for MEN only...very few women appreciate the deep emotions this hard grimy strugglingly beautiful poetic original thumping &quot;in your face&quot; enchanting music means to a 'Bloke&quot; and I'm from the mealy mouthed, Ford Escort, cell Phone South!My Shout &quot; A pint of lager and a packet of crisp please&quot;!!!!!Hey Chumbawamba, if you ever read this, use the money and start &quot;North&quot; label, get Oasis and a few other bands to come in, let other struggling bands get in on the act and rock the world, and give a little back to the birth of your talent.Political comment? Nah!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000WEX', u"On my 1st run through of this CD, i was torn between wondering what happened to the original Jam/Lewis/Jackson formula, and loving the new directions her artform has taken.  It's been inspiring to watch the little girl from &quot;Let's Wait Awhile&quot; mature to the sensous femme fatale we hear in &quot;Rope Burn&quot; (a personal favorite) and the empowered lady presented in &quot;What About&quot;.  Of course the dance tracks, as always, are more than enough to get you tapping the steering wheel and drawing curious looks from fellow motorists while you do the &quot;driver's seat dance&quot;.  But don't sleep on the lyrics here, from AIDS to homophobia, Ms. Jackson makes you use your head for more than nodding to the beat."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FI1', u"It would have been easy for Weller to simply rehash his debut solo release and keep exploring the acid groove territory.  But, instead he decided to dig a little deeper, and the end result is nothing but perfection.  At first listen, you may not get it.  Be patient, it takes a while to grow on you; but, boy does it grow on you.  At certain times, Weller isn't afraid to just rock and let it all hang out (&quot;Sunflower&quot; or &quot;The Weaver&quot;). Then, he pulls back into a shell of uneasiness and mysterious imagery (&quot;Wild Wood&quot; or &quot;Foot of the Mountain&quot;)that is way out in the deep end.  This comination works well for him, and (dare I say it) the album is as solid and memorable as albums like &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; and &quot;Check Your Head&quot;; every song fitting together like a part of a puzzle, forming the perfect picture."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S37', u"I love this album because it blows my mind everytime I listen to it. This album is so fascinating because of the un-heard of (at least in 75') tape manipulating techniques, strange drones and feedback. Listening to this is a step out of reality and into the mind of Lou Reed. Don't get me wrong though, this album ain't for everybody! I also doubt that teens ever grooved to this at any party, but hey, you've gotta hear it. I love this album because it was so far ahead of it's time. Today it almost seems like the first techno album ever. Then again, maybe Lou kicked over some microphones and recorded it. I think otherwise but, that's just me."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OJH', u"This is one of the best albums I've heard in some time. It has great melodies, hooks galore, intelligent lyrics, creative arrangements and the ability to stay with you long after it's over.The songwriting brings to mind all sorts of influences - there is Brian Wilson, certainly, but it also reminds me of Big Star's Third Album, Paul Westerberg and American Music Club. The arrangements (by co-producer Michael Deming) are spare yet bring out the inate beauty in each song. The melodies will keep you coming back to the album but the lyrics are what really add a sense of depth to the songs.Joe Pernice writes about coping with the expectations of life and the beauty of small things combined with the difficulty of melding those simple pleasures into a deeper happiness. They are pensive, reflective and bittersweet, covering topics that range from dealing with the expectations of society (&quot;Monkey Suit&quot;), the disappointments of living, the obstacles inherent in re! lationships, suicide (the haunting &quot;Chicken Wire&quot;) and the universal hope for love (&quot;Wait to Stop&quot;). Joe's vocals are tinged with the acceptance of the elusiveness of happiness but the hope that there is a possibility of achieving it.This is a captivating and astute album full of insights about life itself. If there is any justice, this music will the attain the level it deserves. If you're looking for terrific songwriting, try this one out. You won't be sorry."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J1F', u"A musical leap from the previous album (The Yes Album, itself an excellent LP), Fragile was the one that put Yes over the top. With guitarist Steve Howe coming into his own and the addition of Rick Wakeman on keyboards, the band's sound pallette increased by a vast array of musical colors. The classics here - Roundabout, South Side Of The Sky, Heart Of The Sunrise - are all timeless. The only thing marring the album is Yes' penchant for &quot;solo&quot; noodling (which would result in a whole batch of mostly lame solo albums several years later). This valuable album space could have been devoted to another group-composed masterpiece. Still, the entire package - music, artwork, booklet, etc. - makes Fragile a 5-star masterpiece."))
(5.0, (u'B0000072LL', u"I bought the Klaus Nomi LP over ten years ago just for the cover art - Klaus dressed in black and white garb ala Felix the Cat meets Mickey Mouse outfit. It's framed and hanging on my wall above the computer. I had seen Klaus's performance piece &quot;Total Eclipse&quot; in the film &quot;Urgh! A Music War&quot; featuring a lot of punk groups of the early 80's including The Police with Sting. Klaus's music is theatrical and fun to listen to. My wife and I taped his best songs (After the Fall, Rubberband Laser, Nomi Song, Ding Dong, Icurok, Simple Man) for a car trip from Detroit to Toronto and played it over and over all the way there. Our five year old daughter loved Klaus's voice, its trills, his Germanic accent and the popish instrumentation. This artist was a hoot. He rocked and sung with operatic pretensions; there's simply no one like him. If you enjoy passionate, strange, outlandish and completely original artists - check out Klaus - he was unique. And while you're at it.! ..visit his web page. Believe me, his music is just as mesmerizing as his image.  (added 8/12/01) A documentary film about Klaus is in the works, now in production by the director of East Side Story."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NDA', u"With their fifth installment, titled STUNT, the BNL guys definately know what the fans look for.  Both versions of the CD are equally as great the only difference is two songs at the end of the limited edition.  Why they didn't put a song like SHE'S ON TIME, on the orginal copy of STUNT, who knows.  EXCELLENT TRACKS are 1,2, 4, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, and 15 but since everyone has their own tastes don't worry you won't be dissapointed!  Way to go guys keep the music coming!!  If this is anyones first intro to the BNL, you might want to consider the album, ROCK SPECTACLE, it has a great summary of music from a bunch of their albums!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005BOK', u"I was skeptical at first about the replacement of N'Dea Davenport with Seidah Garret, and whether the new vocalist would cramp the Heavies style.  Then I heard &quot;Sometimes&quot; on the radio.  Seidah's 'angel from the wrong side of the tracks' voice laced around the band's omnipresent neo-funk tracks was an immediate sell for me.  And unlike many artists today, the CD captured me from the cheesy Vegas intro all the way to the remake of &quot;You've Got A Friend In Me&quot;.  This is the ultimate lay back in the crib CD (while you're sipping that Corona and playing Tekken 3), or even late night drive soundtrack.  All of the lovers, be sure to check out Track 5 &quot;Day by Day&quot;, Track 6 &quot;Feels Like Right&quot;, and 12 &quot;After Forever&quot;.  And while we all wish N'Dea all the success on her solo venture, it's good to see the Heavies with a permanent vocal presence taking their unqiue flavor into the next Millenium."))
(5.0, (u'B0000014K7', u"I used to own this album on vinyl.  The tune, You've Got To Have Freedom, is worth my getting it on CD.  Kelly spends much of the tune comping on the backbeat, a curious but very effective theme that really drives the tune.  His solo, which begins and ends with a series of chords played on the one and three, builds and resolves with a beauty and seeming inevitablility or right-ness that I've rarely heard outside of classical music.By contrast, the solo rendition of &quot;Well You Needn't&quot; shows Kelly's wit.  Moving the melody up a minor third to give the tune a 7#9 flavor, he captures just a touch of the absurd.  I'm sorry his Sweet Georgia Brown, an equally playful solo from the original LP, apparently isn't included on this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NHN', u'When I first bought this album, I confess I expected to find the sort of nice, easy listening, simple and effective melodies and lyrics I\'m used to get from artists like Enya. Now I\'m glad I made that mistake, because I found not only the joy of discovering an incredibly rich and powerful music universe, but I also felt like I was unveiling a whole hidden world of forgotten legend and lore. The title of this album is pretty accurate: have you ever wondered what it would feel like to discover an extremely old book full of forsaken knowledge in a medieval library? Well, by hearing this record you\'ll get as close as you can probably ever be to that feeling...Perhaps what I enjoyed the most about "Book of secrets" is the fact that it was able to give me the feeling I was hearing echoes of ancient times, coming not just from western Europe but also from eastern faraway civilizations, places that hold within themselves a vast mysticism and wonderful history.Now, if you\'re looking for the kind of album you can just put on your CD player and press "play", and let the music flow while you\'re doing something else, stay away from this. But if you can accept the challenge of hearing something that cannot be easily labeled, and that goes far beyond today\'s simplistic concepts, you won\'t regret to buy Loreena\'s "Book of secrets".'))
(5.0, (u'B0000018W2', u"Rock n Roll is more a feeling than a sound, and Jack Logan succeeds in delivering a heart-felt message that it ain't dead.  Songs wander from punky, fast numbers to slower acoustic countryish ballads. The literal feast of styles keeps you listening for what comes next.  Logan's roots in traditional music shine on &quot;Yes I Can&quot; and &quot;Drunken Arms.&quot;  He does a wonderful job covering the Neil Young song &quot;On the Beach&quot; and should be easily enjoyed by any Young fan.  For anyone who likes their rock n roll stripped down and ripe with attitude, humor and grace, be sure to pick this up.  &quot;Town Crier&quot; itself is reason enough to own this ablum."))
(5.0, (u'B000003O8H', u"I'm not much of a one for &quot;Best of&quot; albums, but if you've never heard the Saw Doctors before, then this is the album for you. I'm the lucky one, in that living in the UK means I got all the albums first time round (and not on import, either!), but this album manages to combine nearly all of my favourite Saw Docs songs into one CD... a great way to launch their music in the States! The lyrics are amusing, the tunes are cheery and VERY catchy, they manage to keep variety in their songs, but above all, the band members have a great sense of humour and their live gigs are always brilliant, with real character.. Definitely a worthwhile buy."))
(5.0, (u'B000005OQI', u"Front Line Assembly has been banging away at the industrial drum for some time now, and with minimal recognition from the masses.  I doubt this stellar release will garner the Canadian outfit any further attention for their contribution to the genre, not to mention their longevity.  &quot;Flavour&quot; is an excellent record, though.  Dense with overt influences from the &quot;electronica&quot; explosion, Bill Leeb along with new partner Chris Peterson replacing Rhys Fulber, demonstrate why FLA has continued to serve platter after platter of high-strength industrial delicacy. Their ability to incorporate such noticeable techniques and still retain the core FLA structure is a trait to be admired.  More important, it is better than any Chemical Bros./Crystal Method record you can buy.  FLA has always managed to produce well-structured noise, samples and dancefloor beats in their songs, and the armageddon feel to the music is natural, not like the forced broodiness of such!  novices as Gravity Kills, Stabbing Westward, or  even Marylin Manson. The instrumental &quot;Corruption&quot; starts off the disc and immediately lets the listener know what kind of stew they're in for.  Classic lazy synth build-up leads to an overwhelmingly dancy beat, accompanied by etheral keyboards that don't bludgeon with melodrama.  FLA aren't innovators, but they know what they're good at: expert piracy.  Relax, and enjoy a seasoned band that can make electronic music sound fresh, even as they rip off the mainstream."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S6C', u"After all these years a tingle still goes through me when i listen to this album. Brilliant for driving into town with before a big night out, going to the footie or just sitting back late at night. Sally MacLennane was once played on the organ by a friend of mine at a Methodist wedding - very slowly and quietly before the unknowing bride arrived ....  &quot;and we sang him a song  of times long gone  though we knew that we'd be seeing him again .... so buy me beer and whiskey  'cos i'm going far away&quot; Thankyou to Shane and all the Pogues - part of my life - Al"))
(5.0, (u'B0000061AO', u"It's been a busy time for Jon Anderson and a busy one as well for his fans what with several very varied solo projects, several new Yes albums and an incredible world tour with Yes.  However, Anderson has a way of maintaining a high degree of sincerity and quality in all he does and this album is no exception.  It is different from other things he does, a bit lighter, which makes it all the more welcome.  This time he is working with a pair of brothers named Jocky that he met in Paris and his wife, Jane, and the result is a delightful r&amp;b/reggae/hip-hop ambient/ kind of mixture that is current while at the same time seems fresh and I don't forsee it sounding dated.  Jon Anderson is true to his message of unity and the responsibility of social conciousness along with personal growth, but there is a playful feel about this album also.  Therefore, I think it is a great album for summer and tropical climes.  I think it also has a wider appeal and those afraid of progres! sive ideals in music should consider this a good introduction into the world of Jon Anderson. It makes a great addition to any collection of Anderson/Yes music. A great album from a very talented and prolific artist....reach out as forward tastes begin to enter you..."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OCV', u"The Dave Clark 5 have always been one of  the most underrated of all the British  Invasion groups that hit the US shores  back in the early '60's. Generating hit  single after hit single, the DC5 kept  pace with the Beatles back in their  early days and were a favorite of Ed  Sullivan, appearing on his show a record  18 times !! This 2CD set comprises all  the hits and best album tracks along  with fabulous liner notes and rare  pictures -- a definite must for any Dave  Clark 5 fan and any fan of British  Invasion rock and pop music !!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003G8G', u"I was absolutely stunned by the great soundtrack John Williams created for the sequel of Star Wars, Empire Strikes Back. As the cd leaflet itself states, it was a great task to outdo the Star Wars score Williams had created just three years earlier, but he succeeded - by far.Empire Strikes Back soundtrack is - in my opinion - even better than the original Star Wars score. The thematic variances between the good and the evil, Yoda and Darth Vader, the Light and the Dark Side of the Force, is simply wonderful, as is the use of Wagnerian 'leifmotif', with the distinctive themes appearing there and there.Although I at first was disappointed by the large number of more atonal and 'weird' tracks on the two CDs, I have later learned to enjoy them and see the brilliantly designed layers of music the genius composer has created.Absolutely stunning and excellent."))
(5.0, (u'B0000002V9', u"This disc contains extraordinary music. It contains the first known recordings of Carey Bell (who was about 28 in 1964). It contains one of the very few glimpses we have of Robert Nighthawk in an informal setting. Highlights include Nighthawk's growling guitar work on &quot;Goin' Down To Eli's;&quot; some of the most extraordinary electric blues guitar playing ever recorded on &quot;I Need Love So Bad;&quot; Nighthawk doing the two songs that brought him his first real fame--&quot;Annie Lee&quot; and &quot;Sweet Black Angel&quot; (here listed as &quot;Maxwell Street Medley&quot;); and a lively rendition of &quot;Take It Easy Baby.&quot; Not to be overlooked, however is fine harp work by Carey Bell doing &quot;Juke&quot; (here erroneounsly entitled &quot;Mr. Bell's Shuffle&quot;). In short, this music captures the excitement of raw, live blues on Chicago's Maxwell Street in its heyday. Sadly, it is not widely known that the material presented on this disc was bootlegged ! by Mr. Dayron, who did his recording while working for Mike Shea while Shea was making his now-legendary Maxwell Street documentary &quot;And This Is Free.&quot; Fortunately, an official two-CD release of all of the &quot;And This Is Free&quot; material is in the works. The discs will include this music and much more, and they will tell the true story of the making of &quot;And This Is Free.&quot; They will also include some of the wealth of band chatter, crowd sounds, and ambience of Maxwell Street that was captured on the original tapes (but cut out of the release reviewed here) back when the likes of Nighthawk, Carey Bell, Johnny Young, and Big John Wrencher could be heard live for a dime in a hat--literally."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J1O', u"The Genesis album trilogy of Nursery Chryme/Foxtrot/Selling England is generally percieved as the band's peak artistic period - culminating in ascending order with their masterpiece, Selling England By The Pound. With its tight ensemble playing and Peter Gabriel's perceptive, tongue-in-cheek portrayal of the English Empire in decline, this LP put Genesis in the big leagues with the progressive rock giants who inspired them - Yes, King Crimson, etc. From the title cut to the epic Firth Of Fifth to the closing Cinema Show, this album brilliantly shines from start to finish - probably the closest any band has ever come to making the perfect album."))
(5.0, (u'B000009CZH', u"Collin Raye has a knack for turning CDs into platinum.  His latest effort, &quot;The Walls Came Down,&quot; is no exception.Every single track on the CD maintains Raye's high standard for timely and potent lyrics, appealing melodies, captivating bridges and memorable choruses.  Most of these songs can easily become country hits.Of such an exceptional grouping of songs, these stand out:  &quot;I Wish I Could&quot; (a tender father-daughter number), &quot;Someone You Used to Know,&quot; &quot;All My Roads,&quot; and a chilling anti-child abuse song called &quot;The Eleventh Commandment.&quot;  The latter demonstrates Raye's continued willingness to tackle difficult subject matter as well as experiment with a different sound altogether.In a world of mass-produced pop performers, the talent of Collin Raye stands out like a beacon.  Whether you are a fan of country music or not, you will like Collin Raye."))
(5.0, (u'B000009D1V', u"The day after I saw the movie I ran out and bought the soundtrack.  Needless to say I was a little bit disapointed, it didn't even have half the songs that were in the movies.  I wrote to the company and told them that if they put out a second cd me and all my friends would buy it just as quickly as we bought the first and now it's here!!!!!  I dont think there is any other two cd's that I would buy as quickly as I bought these two and I think that these are the jewels of my collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000009D33', u"The latest release from Hyman's estate is a well-rounded selection of previously unreleased material that showcases her powerful, passionate vocal stylings.  The title, &quot;Forever With You&quot;, is an upbeat dance tune that Phyllis obviously had fun with, and you will too.  Her duet with Damon, &quot;Funny How Love Goes&quot;, lets her emotions fly as only she can do.  Other standouts include &quot;The Strength of a Woman&quot;, which I'm making my young daughter's theme song, and &quot;The Kids&quot;, a soulful plea to take care of our young ones.  Phyllis also soars on a remake of &quot;Hurry Up This Way Again&quot;, and is flirty, playful and a little coy on &quot;Set A Little Trap for You&quot;.  My favorite is &quot;Someone To Love&quot;, Phyllis at her best, tugging at our heartstrings with that rich voice.  Run, do not walk to add this to your collection!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007QDC', u"TRY WHISTLING THIS melds the pop whimsy and good humor ofCrowded House's eponymous first album with the production and lyricalcomplexity of its second, TEMPLE OF LOW MEN. The result? A splendid album that alternately thrills and chills, and never ceases to amaze. The opening cut, *Last One Standing*, coasts along a river of swirling vocals, scraping a bottom of jagged guitar echoes and occasionally exploding in a spray of brilliance. *Sinner*'s violin-and-piano-riff motif strikes a cool pose, sensitive and slightly sinister; it dovetails nicely with the track that follows it, *Twisty Bass*, an eerie, distorted exploration of vocal distortion and heavily flanged guitar. If TRY WHISTLING THIS lacks anything, it's a surfeit of the glowing pop nuggets that decorated Crowded House's first and third (WOODFACE) albums. But where the album does mine the golden pop vein, as on *She Will Have Her Way* -- a sweet evocation of Paul McCartney's best early Beatles songs -- it shines as bright as those albums ever did. Buy it, love it, recommend it to all your friends, whether you can whistle it or not."))
(5.0, (u'B000004CMI', u"First off I am a Todd Rundgren fan, But even putting that beside this CD I feel is possibly Todds best yet. Starting with the first track &quot;Tables will turn&quot;, a groove starts and sucks you right in. It seems to me also to have a Peter Gabriel feel to it. The next song &quot;If not now when&quot; Starts with an accoustic feel to it then turns to another great song with a great feel to it. Lastly don't miss &quot;Expresso (All jacked up)&quot; It should have been a single. Great song, great hook, great CD. Get it you won't be disappointed."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GF8', u"Synchronicity is The Police at their peak, weaving a complex tale of topics together that are not entirely related to each other.  Of course, the classic Every Breath You Take is on the CD, but the real high point of the CD comes later.  Wrapped Around Your Finger is perhaps the finest song ever written to get a lonely college student through his four years of shear torture.  Two songs from the CD, Synchronicity I and Synchronicity II are fun to listen to.  You'll wish Mother wasn't on this CD, but that's half the fun of it...if the CD were perfect, you might eventually tire of it.  Tea in the Sahara will make you want to run out and buy the book that it is based upon (The Sheltering Sky).  For many years, King of Pain was my all-time favorite song.  This is the CD that brought it all together for The Police, and surely their crowning achievement of their 5 albums. I have listened to it hundreds and hundreds of times, yet I learn something new about me or our species e! very time I listen to it.  An absolute must-have for every living, breathing human on this planet."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GNL', u"After the astonishing first solo album &quot;Astral Weeeks&quot;, Van Morrison's writing went through a very variable patch, where albums presented included traditional songs (Brown Eyed Girl) with more varied offerings (various tracks on Moondance and Tupelo Honey). St Dominic's Preview presents an assured hand at the end of this period, where the influence of the record industry has waned, and he has become his own man. Some small jazz influences (Jackie Wilson said) but the three sublime tracks on this LP are St Dominic's Preview, Listen to the Lion, and Independence Day. This is the peak of a journey started with &quot;Madam George&quot; on Astral Weeks. More assured, smoother, more approachable, voice somewhere near the widest range, great musicianship all combine into a small kind of perfection. After 25 years, in &quot;St Dominic's Preview&quot;, the sound of the Irish immigrants approaching Ellis Island, and life in the New World is as powerful as ever."))
(5.0, (u'6303471102', u"This is the first Richard Simmons video I've ever had the pleasure to use but I realy enjoyed it and so I'm buying my own copy. The tape starts with a good fast paced warm up and continues to get more intense as the different &quot;oldies&quot; are played. Then there's a nice cool down. The only thing I would like if Richard would talk more and tell you what was the next exercise. I did flounder a little trying to copy the exercises as they danced them w/o any instructions. I love the fact the dancers are all sizes... Karen  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003YY8', u"Apurimac is Cusco's debut album in the U.S., and it doesn't disappoint. The music is inspiring, and breathtaking. The Peruvian flutes, drums, and other instruments all provide an enchanting experience. This is a CD I will enjoy forever, and will never tire of. Many of the songs have fast tempos, while others are slower and more peaceful, and there are absolutely no lyrics to any of the songs, just beautiful instruments. Overall there should be a song for everyone on this CD. Some songs worthy of mention are Apurimac, Inca Dance, and Fighting Inca. This CD is a treasure, as are all other Cusco CDs. It is too bad CDs like this are so rare to find! If you enjoy this CD, and are looking for more, try Apurimac 2 and 3, and also Ring of the Dolphin. All of these CDs are wonderful too."))
(5.0, (u'0792151712', u"Hollywood doesn't make films like this anymore.  With the two-hundred million+ budget of &quot;Titanic&quot;, one can see why.  If moviemaking has reached the point where economics can restrain a vision, then we have a creative tragedy of near-Titanic proportions.In &quot;Titanic&quot;, James Cameron puts that two-hundred million on the screen.  Every costume, every set, and every prop were carefully designed to meet Cameron's exacting standards of historical representation.  The ship itself, whether sailing or sinking, is a testament to the power of the epic film that Cecil B. DeMille and David Lean would appreciate.The general public has always wanted the element of realism in their fantasy.  It didn't matter that Charleton Heston wasn't Jewish as long as the clothes were right, the buildings had columns and he rode a chariot in &quot;Ben Hur&quot;.  Likewise today, &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; has been hailed for its realism and has raised the bar for future war films.  People don't mind the story, as long as it seems real to them.This illusion is an art, and James Cameron is one of its masters.  Cleverly starting the film in the present, he is able to build anticipation for the return to 1912 while seemlessly convincing us that Rose DeWitt Bukater and Jack Dawson were as real to the world as Molly Brown or J.J. Astor.  Perhaps most of all, Cameron accomplishes a great feat by making the audience painfully aware of the human tragedy while at the same time amazing them with the spectacle of the ship's demise.Although there are weaknesses in the script, the sheer magnitute of the film keeps the story captivating while the actors bring the passengers and crew to life.  Much has been spoken about Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio, but the true backbone of the film are the supporting characters  whose presence evokes the wide range of emotions needed for a viewer to invest in the plot.  Whether watching &quot;Titanic&quot; again or for the first time, take special note of Kathy Bates as Molly Brown, Francis Fisher as Rose's mother and especially Victor Garber as Thomas Andrews.Hollywood doesn't make them like this anymore, but they should.  &quot;Titanic&quot; is one film that should sail into your collection and stay there."))
(5.0, (u'B000007T2I', u"Basia, since releasing her original album 'Time and Tide' along with co-collaborator, Danny White, has managed to incorporate latin finger-tapping rhythms and inventive orchestrations with a genuinely pleasurable vocal technique.  This collection is the crux of those elements.  While her style tends toward Samba, she modulates her lyrics with a heavy emphasis on difficult subject matter.  Whether paying homage to famed chanteuse Astrud Gilberto (&quot;Astrud&quot;), explaining the poor timing of an affair (&quot;Cruising for Bruising&quot;), or merely reveling in amorous exuberance (&quot;Baby You're Mine&quot;), Basia shines.  The brillance of the harmonies--accentuated by talented musical breaks on White's part--sets her music apart.  Truly an accomplished artist, Basia is certainly to become only more popular among her limited, but devoted audience."))
(5.0, (u'B0000004QY', u"I first listened to this album in the mid-1980s as a teenager. Michael's music touched me in a way that no sermon could ever do. I began to see Christianity not as a set of rigid rules, but as something that could uplift me and make me a better person through positive living. I will forever be grateful to MWS for leading me back to Christ. While I've bought and listened to all of MWS's albums since, none of them has touched me like this album and &quot;Project&quot; did. I've listened to it thousands of times over the years, and I never tire of it. MWS lives the life, and that's reflected in his music. Thank you, Michael, for saving my life and giving me endless hours of pleasure."))
(5.0, (u'B000006FBC', u'Lou Ford has roots that run deep, but they refuse to be held down by them.  Their debut album, &Ograve;Sad but Familiar&Oacute; echoes the soulful mourning of Hank Williams with the biting harmonies of Neil Young, yet surrounds you in a vibrant, new musical world.  Lou Fords music is not a retrospective pastiche, but is alive with originality both in tone and word.  The lyrics enchant with wit understated by plain language and rural flair.  The music and lyrics blend mesmerizingly; mingling angst and ennui with rural idealism.  To listen to Lou Ford is to take an emotional road trip through the past with tomorrow square on the horizon.  Lou Ford is a group of four genuine and hard-working guys committed to innovation and musical excellence as well as preserving the traditions of american music.  Any serious music lover will want to check out &Ograve;Sad but Familiar&Oacute; as well as look for Lou Ford on stage in Charlotte, NC and around the southeast.'))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"I was one of the first to get the Smashing Pumpkins fifth album, Adore, and while it is definently a break with their style of old, it is a good album made even better because of their change in style. The only reasons I didn't give it six stars or more was because, number 1, Amazon.com wouldn't let me, and two, it is even better when performed live. I saw them play both in Dallas, TX and at Radio City Music Hall in New York, where in my opinion they played better than they did on their Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness tour. The lighter ballads and accoustic songs are played by the Pumpkins almost completely plugged, and the revised versions of 1979, Tonight Tonight, Bullet With Butterfly Wings, and Thru The Eyes Of Ruby are, in my opinion, better than they were on MCIS. So, if you're a longtime SP fan, or a new one, I recommend that you buy this cd, listen to it, and then go see them perform live."))
(5.0, (u'B000009NUI', u"It is not very often in Christian music that many artists can produce albums that are creative and musically asthetic and pleasing to the ear, as well as being extremely focused on the prime focus of all Christian music: Jesus Christ.  Steady On by Point of Grace is by all means a fabulous exception to this point.  Steady On is absolutely the best release of the four girls to date, and if you disagree email me.  Why is it the best release to date? Well by all means let me tell you ( I'm giggling I'm so excited ).  Steady On combines the smooth groovy pop lyrics of Life, Love, and Other Mysteries and blends them with the reverent and worshipful tone of The Whole Truth.  In Steady On, the girls are given a chance to truly display their strong natural vocals, as this album truly carries a very intimate, raw, unleashed, and spontaneous sound to it across all of the songs.  Less is the very mechanical and formulated sound mixing of the last album and more is the beautiful, a! nd untainted vocals as demonstrated in such songs as The Song is Alive and Better Days.  In Better Days your almost asking yourself if your really listening to Point of Grace because they convey such energy and electricity that they are virtually reaching through the speakers grabbing at your ears with their amazing vocal power, not to mention one heck of a beat and a hooking chorus.  The album just does'nt strike ground on vocal beauty but is amazingly creative as well.  From the almost bluegrass sounding Steady On, to the mysterious , reverent laid back style of Amazing, to the tick tock beat of The Wonder of It All, to the foot stepping pop of Saving Grace, and even to the archipela ( hope I spelled that right ) lead in with Drawing Me Closer the listener is treated to a great variety of sounds with tints of various country, pop, rock, and r&amp;b roots.  If you listen carefully you will hear the melodic and harmonious new daring creative things the girls do with their voic! es, just one of the many new great leaps they have made wit! h this new album.  Its been about two years since their last album and without a doubt their voices have matured and developed more range.  Beyond all of the musical talent collaborated into this album, there is without a doubt a consistent theme to the lyrics of just about all of the songs, and that theme is Jesus Christ.  Less is the friendly, pragmatic music from the last album and more is the focused, worship like reverence that Christian music should be.  Don't let that scare you, this album points you to Christ so much that you will be even more encouraged by listening to it than the last album.  I will be deeply saddened if they don't come away with at least another dove award for this album and if they are not nominated for a grammy.  Now the final summary:  If you like Point of Grace, get this album, if you like Christian music, get this album, if you like music in general get this album.  Just get it, its that good. You will truly be blessed and suprised at how far t! hese girls have come in their musical development.  Steady On is going to be a hard one to top and its going on my official top ten favorite Christian albums of all time, I hope it goes on yours too, because if it does you will be touched by many points of grace.  BUY THIS ALBUM! BUY THIS ALBUM!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002HRE', u"Metallica, since their inception, never relied on media, or popular opinion to drive their career as musicians. Their success is due to their uncompromising attitude towards their music and the adoration of grass-roots fans, who don't particularly care what TIME or ROLLING STONE have to say about what is good music. Re-Load is a continuance of Metallica's experimentation with different sounds, textures, rythms...and it works very well. From the opening track &quot;Fuel&quot; the band revisits its earlier speed-metal influence in a quick and catchy four minutes. The tracks that follow take the listener over a number of different soundscapes. &quot;The Memory Remains&quot; is a haunting song with vocals contributed by Marianne Faithful. &quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;, more of a sequel than a remake of their 1991 song &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;, takes the lyrical vision of the original song further...while changing the latter song around enough to make it more interesting. !  The most experimental song on this album has to be &quot;Fixxxer,&quot; with a Hendrixesque guitar wah-wah soaked opening, the song just rips into a guitar driven overload that builds and fades, while James Hetfield's vocals tell the story of a child subjected to unruly control.  All in all, this is Metallica's best artistic creation yet. And as any Metallica fan knows, it isn't necessarily a barometer of what direction they intend to go in next...but it is an indication that whatever style they play in, it will be good."))
(5.0, (u'B0000073GP', u'Roxy Music was always underappreciated in America. Less accessible than Bowie, the band didn\'t find its audience until their four U.S. album(SIREN) and their last studio album(AVALON). This collection gives a view gallery viewing of what Roxy began as and what it became over time.This collection puts together most of the band\'s essential album tracks(as well as, rare b sides and remixes)into a package that allows the listener to sit in the development of the band. Like the Beatles, Roxy was always moving forward, trying to find the next "fling" that would set their artistic heart afire.The band\'s two best early albums FOR YOUR PLEASURE and COUNTRY LIFE are well represented by more than a handful of cuts. Just listening to Bryan Ferry\'s mannered vocals develop into sweet, supple singing allows one to appreciate the growth of the band, as well as, Ferry as a performer. BOYS AND GIRLS (Ferry\'s 4th solo album) would never have been possible without the journey the band-and Ferry-made and, more importantly, the solo Ferry albums of covers wouldn\'t have been possible without that journey either.The melodies and playing are outstanding. Of particular note is Phil Manzanera\'s tasteful, unusual guitar solos and fills and Andy MacKay\'s mournful sax playing. Paul Thompson, always the underrated member of the band, creates the heat with his drumming focusing Ferry\'s lanquid melodies and keyboard playing.The ability to contrast the early material with Eno playing sythes(and creating "treatments" of the other solos)to the much more melodic later material with Eddie Jobson on keyboards and electric violin(a clear Jean Luc-Ponty influence there!)creates a fuller picture of the band.If you only know Roxy Music from AVALON then you\'ve only heard a small part of the story. THE THRILL OF IT ALL delivers most of the story complete with conflict, love and adventure in a concise package.My only complaint is that it would have been nice to have had more comments on the songs and perhaps a handful of demos. A review of the band\'s history  (and revolving door of bass players)would have been nice.Highly recommended!'))
(5.0, (u'0793927560', u"To The Manor Born is a British comedy set in the late70's/early 80's in Somerset England.  The Grantleigh Estate is owned by widow Audrey fforbes-Hamilton and due to mounting debts, she must sell her beloved manor house and grounds.  Top national grocer, Richard DeVere purchases Grantleigh to use as a home/business location.  Audrey decides to buy the nearby Grantleigh Manor Lodge and settle in for a more mundane and poorer lifestyle, and at the same time to keep an eye on Mr. DeVere.  Petty, but often amusing arguments and romantic flirtation develope between the two.  This tape acts as the introduction to the series and its comedic personas including Audrey's best friend Marjory Frobisher, Mrs. Polouvicka - Richard DeVere's mother, The Rector, Brabinger - the butler, Ned - the estate farmhand.  Great Laughs and good story line.  MY ABSOLUTE FAVOURITE SHOW!!!!!!!!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001DGI', u"This CD is old-time country (some call it &quot;mountain&quot; or &quot;traditional&quot;) music originally recorded in 1963 (Folkways)and contains all 15 songs from the original release along with 11 new ones.  Of all the Doc Watson albums I had, this was the first one I rebought on CD.  It brings tears of sorrow and of joy.  The music is unrefined, but powerful and clean.Ground Hog, Bonaparte's Retreat, House Carpenter, I'm troubled, Your Long Journey, When I die, That train the carried my girl from town, down the road, the lone pilgrim, etc.  Also has ccukoo bird, shady grove, and southbound -- among other new cuts.If you think you know country, you might find yourself quite suprised . .  ."))
(5.0, (u'B000002Z7K', u"One of Ian Hunter's best albums, YOU'RE NEVER ALONE, is a focused, thought provoking, fun and altogether delightful album. Easily Hunter's best album since MOTT(1973), this album displays all the Dylan-like quirks that have appeared since Mott the Hopple's debut. Here, though, Hunter as a solo artist finds his voice as a solo artist.From the moment of Hunter's count-in, this he grabs the listener by the shirt and drags him/her along for the ride. &quot;Just another night&quot; and &quot;Wild East&quot; are both delightful rockers. The addition of the E Street band's Max Weinberg and Roy Bittan give the album the flavor of Springsteen's BORN TO RUN (and since Hunter has many of the same influences as the Boss, it makes for a very interesting, lively combination), mixed with Hunter's Dylanesque lyrics and delivery.This isn't imitation--this is alchemy! Hunter and his producing partner Mick Ronson(David Bowie's ZIGGY STARDUST)distill all their classic influences(Ala! n Freed's 50's rock shows, Dylan, the Beatles, Phil Spector)and make these ifluences their own.This album along with IAN HUNTER,( the flawed, but more ambitious) ALL AMERICAN ALIEN BOY and ARTFUL DODGER is among Hunter's best and allows one to make a strong argument for Hunter as one of the best songwriters of the 70's singer/songwriter era.Highly recommended!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000033MR', u"MGM's film of KISS ME KATE was an exception for them.  They only deleted two numbers, but used one of those in background scoring. To make up for it, they interpolated a number from another Porter show, FROM THIS MOMENT ON.  MGM's usual method was to select no more than ten songs from a musical and fit it into a 110 minute running time. The performances here are all exceptional, the orchestrations are bright and vivacious - a vast improvement over the originals, and the sound is excellent.  The CD has filled out the time allotted by using outtakes and scene underscorings.  An impressive piece of film musical history and the best recording of the score."))
(5.0, (u'B000005N8P', u"This album, &quot;Les genies vous parlent&quot;, isa milestone. Meiway is one of the most famous singer of the Ivory Coast. From  one album to another, he is getting closer to the best we can expect from him. Mixing traditional melodies and songs with modern instruments, he is leading the path for a major breakthrough, establishing a new  era of the West African musicland. In Africa, Europe and some Islands of the Caribbean, he is well knwon along with his elder Alpha Blondy,the Ivorian Raggeaman known all around the world, as the best of his country. In this album, the Professor &quot;Awolowo&quot;  (other name for Meiway) gives you a  lecture on the genius of African music,  West African music or Black music should I say (Listen to the whole cd and you will realize that Meiway is definitively an International singer). If you do not have any Ivorian Cd, here is the one you should buy to update your knowledge of this musicland.  Songs such as Astrid, Sida( Aids in  fren! ch) are very good. But the &quot;genie de Kpalezo&quot; (other name for Meiway) tells you more about Africa in this album. With Nanan, song dedicated to the late President of the Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire in French), &quot;le dernier des Federes&quot; ( other name for Meiway) shows you through the wonderfull melodies how gratefull the people of Ivory Coast are to the late President Felix Houphouet Boigny and his familly. In this song, he thanks them for us all for the stability of the country and invites us to be loyal to his successor, the new President Aime-Henri Konan Bedie in order to preserve our so cherished peace. This is the mark of the best, the major artists always gives more than the others: a message to the world, a piece of wisdom to their fans through their songs. No question if his &quot;followers&quot; will listen to him.  The title of the album is &quot;Les genies  vous parlent&quot; meaning &quot;The genies  are talking to you.&quot; No doubt they are  talki! ng to us through Meiway but  sometimes we wonder: &quot; Th! is guy is so good, isn't he one of them ???&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'0792151712', u'The plot of this &quot;drama on the high seas&quot; is excelent. The only drawback is the dialogue. Often, it is simple and not very exciting. The dialogue of the character of Rose, for example, usually does not go more than 15 words without the utterance of her (in the eyes of her mother) unfit companion, Jack.  Many say &quot;if you want to see a great movie, walk into Titanic an hour late.&quot; I find this to be erroneous. Even though the dialogue is a bit slow sometimes, i still enjoyed Titanic, and will continue to enjoy it. As I said, Titanic is an excellent movie.  Best in a theatre, but probably very good at home also.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000000ENW', u"Fans of Mary Chapin Carpenter are already familiar (whether they realize it or not) with John Jennings's virtuoso guitar playing and production skills as her number-one musical partner.  With his debut solo CD, &quot;Buddy&quot;, John steps onto center stage to reveal himself to be a superb songwriter and singer as well.  His lyrics range from the wry humor of &quot;Everybody Loves Me&quot; to the ominously seductive &quot;Run Run Run&quot; (inspired, he as said, by reading too many Anne Rice novels) to the poignant eloquence of &quot;Willie Short&quot;, in which a man dying of AIDS (inspired by a magazine picture of a real-life Houston dishwasher) pleads, &quot;Don't forget me/From time to time mention my name&quot;.John and co-producer Bob Dawson have put together a spare, tasteful production, and John's instrumental talents shine as well, with him playing a good many of the instruments in addition to the guitar.The blend of plaintive ballads, bouncy up-tempo so! ngs, and hip, jazz-tinged numbers defies categorization.  You can simply file this one under &quot;great music&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KOS', u"If You Could Read My Mind was the breakthrough album (and single) for Gordon Lightfoot as a singer. This was his first album since switching from United Artists to Warner Brothers and what is today the title song was his first US chart single (reached #5 on Billboard).The mix of If You Could Read My Mind on this album is actually different from the version on Gord's Gold. The latter is the mix used on the single that was released after the album, and as a result of the song's radio popularity. The single and the version on Gord's Gold have harmony vocals (by Lightfoot) which are not on this original album cut.The original title song, Sit Down Young Stranger, remains one of Lightfoot's most compelling topical ballads, and one of a handful of &quot;anti-war&quot; songs that he wrote back in the 60s and early 70s. If you've never heard this one - or especially if you have - the album is worth buying for just this one magificent song!Other outstanding songs on the ! album include Minstrel Of The Dawn, Lightfoot's cover of Kris Kristofferson's Me And Bobby McGee, and The Pony Man, a favorite of children of all ages.My review title says it all: this album is one of the best!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KZQ', u"Oedipus the King, after stabbing his eyes out, attracted a pretty big following of Greeks who considered a suffering man to be wise and holy.  And so I follow Chrissie Hynde, and this is her magnum opus.  Various life injustices (being a Waitress in &quot;Watching the Clothes&quot; or losing one you love in &quot;Thumbellina&quot;) are paraded with spit and vinegar, but with a peculiar dose of optimism.  I'm not saying C.H. is the Messiah or anything, but she is a human being that has been through a lot and isn't afraid to sing about it.  Those used to 1990's angst-ridden emptiness will find strength in these tunes."))
(5.0, (u'B000002L3Y', u"Rhonda Vincent is one of my favorite female artists.  I wish they would play more of her on the radio.  The 3 best songs on the CD are as follows:An Old Memory (#5) What More Do You Want from Me (#6) Somebody (#1)This CD is one of few CD's that I can listen to all the way through many times and not get tired of it.  It is more of a &quot;pure country&quot; sound  without annoying percussion and loud electric guitars.  There needs to be more of this type of country on the radio.  This CD is well worth the money.  5 STARS"))
(5.0, (u'B00000282T', u"The arrangements and orchestration are exceptionally well done.  She hits the highs that only an exceptional soprano can hit with a clarity beyond words.  My personal favorite on the album is a medley entitled, &quot;A Mighty Fortress is Our God/Rock of Ages/Victory in Jesus/Because He Lives.&quot;This album, purchased on cassette in 1986, was instrumental in helping me focus on the Lord during a time of tremendous crisis in my life that included becoming a single parent dad, deciding to leave my 14 year U.S. Air Force career and the filing of personal bankruptcy.  During 1986 and subsequent years I played Sandi's &quot;Hymns&quot; album over and over and now know each of the songs on it by heart.  If I could meet Sandi I'd tell her that her music on this album helped me to focus on the Lord Jesus Christ in a way that made me search my soul for the truth about Him and examine my own life and walk with the Lord in a very meaningful way.  Within two years I met the gal!  of my dreams at the church I had begun to attend and have been married 10 years to the most wonderful Christian wife one could ever hope for.During those years my wife and I have seen Sandi Patti in person three times.  While each of those times has been special because of the other songs she sang, perhaps the most memorable was about 2 or 3 years ago when she sang the Star-Spangled Banner at the Long Beach Convention Center using a unique arrangement that I believe she originally used when singing the National Anthem at the rededication of the refurbished Statue of Liberty.  NO ONE can sing our national anthem the way Sandi Patti can.  I have a cassette tape with her singing that rendition of the &quot;Star-Spangled Banner&quot;.  The cassette it is on has only two songs on it, the National Anthem and &quot;Love in Any Language&quot;.  I didn't see it on the list of available music but would hope that Amazon.com makes it available also.  I've about worn that cassette out ! too.  Sandi hits high soprano notes that will take your bre! ath away while singing it.  She just keeps going up, up, up.I don't know what album she does her &quot;Jesus Loves Me&quot; song on, but when she was with us at the Long Beach Convention Center she also did a wonderful little bit about how her singing style evolved using the song, &quot;Jesus Loves Me&quot;.  If you can, you should also get an album with that song on it.  I am sure it is on one of her albums and need to find out which one it is myself.While all of those other songs are great and I really enjoy them, I believe that &quot;Hymns Just For You&quot; will always be the most meaningful to me.  The Lord used the songs on the album to reforge my soul through an intense examination of myself that caused me to change the direction I was headed, accept the sovereignty of Jesus in my life, and gain the courage to actually make the changes that were necessary to live in a manner more pleasing to God.  The songs didn't do it, but the Lord used those songs to talk to me!  in a way no one else could have at the time.  Someday at my funeral, this &quot;Hymns Just For You&quot; CD will be playing with my hope of encouraging others to change direction too before they end up at the end of their own lives trapped in Satan's lies and find themselves living in Hell, apart from God for eternity.Simply put, this CD is definitely worth your investment, both in terms of money to purchase it and time to listen to it.  It will bring you years of pleasure.  I am repurchasing it in the CD version as my cassette tape is worn out.  I'll bet I have played it at least 300 times over the 12 years or so I have owned it.To God be the Glory through His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, who died horribly crucified on a Roman cross for the sins of each of us and then won victory over death through His resurrection from the dead.  These songs are full of Jesus' promise of everlasting life that He promises to each of us that believe in Him.  That is the message of!  this collection of songs by Sandi Patti.  I hope that the ! Lord will cause you to examine your own life and make a decision to follow Him or as in my own case, rededicate, refocus and make the changes needed to live as He would have you live.In Christ,David Belote"))
(5.0, (u'6304438184', u"Hmmm, not sure why it's referred to as a book, so I hope this review shows up along with the actual video.  'Ridicule' is a brilliant film, in French, that details the quest of a idealistic nobleman as he confronts the ways of Louis XIV's court.  Gregoire Ponceludon de Malavoy wishes to see the king regarding important matters, vital to the survival of his peasants, but soon learns that court is a place where men concern themselves with matters that Ponceludon considers trivial, and where all priority is placed one's wit.  There's a bit of romance tossed in as well.  Overall, a great film that was nominated for the 1997 best foreign language picture Oscar (lost to 'Kolya'- a delightful little Czech film).  Definitely worth renting at the very least, but very enjoyable to watch over again.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JS6', u"AC-DC was in disarray when this album came out:  The  previous lead singer had died of alcohol poisoning.  Most said the band's best music had been played.  Nobody expected much.This album was a monster.  Considering the tired and irritatingly &quot;artistic&quot; sound of the Who and Led Zeppelin, Back in Black kicked ass.  Listening to this album made you want to grab a stick and break something.The opening riff of &quot;Shoot to Thrill&quot; can cause carpal tunnel syndrome trying to crank up the volume.&quot;Given the Dog a Bone&quot; was a nightmare for English teachers and feminists, alike.  Arguably, if the act was completed, then the verb tense of the title was proper.Many complained that the title song was evil and anti-religious,  that it was a poster child for reincarnation, that Brian Johnson was really Bon Scott, rising from the dead.  Those people are now probably listening to Curt Cobain, and crying, while drinking cafe mocha.Others com! plained that the music was just simple.  So damn what.  Ten songs, three chord guitar, screaming vocals.  No &quot;rock opera,&quot;  no social messages, just drink, smoke, and screw.Isn't that the way it's supposed to be?"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UVZ', u'When I was in college, a friend of my roommate\'s once visited us from out of town. We were all R.E.M. fans so he asked me which R.E.M. album was my favorite. When I answered Lifes Rich Pageant, my roommate\'s friend laughed and sneered "That\'s probably the WORST R.E.M. album!" That guy was a real idiot.Lifes Rich Pageant is no longer my favorite R.E.M. album (that title now goes to Automatic For The People) but it\'s still in my Top 2 or 3 and it has a good many of my all-time favorite R.E.M. songs, including "Fall On Me," "Begin The Begin," "The Flowers of Guatemala," "Just A Touch," and "I Believe." Pageant is bold and brash, political and punchy, daring and defiant. I just love it.Coming off the intriguing but murky Fables of the Reconstruction and the exhaustive tour that followed that album, the band was looking for some renewed energy for their fourth album. In a surprising move, they turned to producer Don Gehman, best known for his work with mainstream rocker John Mellencamp. With Gehman\'s assistance, the band rediscovered the energy they had left on Reckoning, punched up their sound, and took a giant leap toward superstardom in the process. And they did all of this while remaining true to themselves -- the songs were still smart, enigmatic, and uniquely R.E.M..There are so many highlights here including a slew of bright ferocious rockers like "These Days," "Hyena," "I Believe," and "Just A Touch." Then there\'s the beautiful and moving "The Flowers of Guatemala," a lively cover of The Clique\'s "Superman" with Mike Mills singing lead, the Civil War ballad "Swan Swan H," and "Underneath The Bunker," which sounds like something you\'d hear in a Greek restaurant. And who can forget the band\'s bold call-to-arms "Begin The Begin," or the environmentally-themed "Cuyahoga" and "Fall On Me," one of the absolute best songs in the entire R.E.M. catalog. Really, every song here is just fantastic.Murmur started the college rock revolution, Fables became a dark classic, and Automatic For The People is the band\'s masterpiece, but Lifes Rich Pageant arguably best captures that signature R.E.M. sound. If you absolutely insist on only owning a handful of R.E.M. albums, Lifes Rich Pageant must be one of those albums.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002R87', u"I am writing this for the person who doesn't know anything about this band.  Mason Proffit is more country/rock than the Gratefull Dead, but in a sense they are similiar.  Their skill as musicians is first rate.  The music and the words flow together in perfect harmony.  The songs make a statement about something important; i.e, war, love, racism (Indians), Jesus. Even if you don't agree with what they are saying, you will enjoy the way that they say it.  Mason Proffit does not preach at you.  They sing and play songs that make you feel good.  If it also makes you think, so much the better.  Now that Come and Gone is on CD, I hope that Bareback Rider and Rockfish Crossing will be released on CD.  I have been listening to these albums for over 25 years.  A few ticks, pops, and scratches have happened.  I would replace them with a CD version in a second.  I hope that record companies pay attention to comments like this."))
(5.0, (u'B000000F6R', u"This was the Dead Kennedys' first LP and by far it remains one of their very best. If you were too young to discover them when they first came out, then here's a good starting point. The classic 'Holiday In Cambodia' is featured, and also vocalist Jello Biafra pokes fun at the military('When Ya Get Drafted'), companies covering up fatal accidents('Funland at the Beach'), the neutron bomb('Kill The Poor') among other things, and when you hear the fast cover of 'Viva Las Vegas' you'll wonder what was good(not) about the Elvis version. Forget the depressive I've-got-no-woman-to-bow-down-to-peer-pressure lonely manic depressive screwups of grunge(no names mentioned) and listen to some REAL subversiveness! Dead Kennedys will always rule!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000348N', u"&quot;The Best of Doo-Wop Ballads&quot; is a collection of some of the best &quot;sounds&quot; of the beginning of Rock n Roll. This CD brings back memories of first love and Friday Nighters in the school gym. Of the awkward moments of holding a young girl in your arms, as you tried your best to dance with all of the &quot;cool&quot; you could stir.  Some of these groups I saw at El Monte Legion Stadium, you remember &quot;Be There Are Be Square&quot;. Songs such as: Oh What A Night, Daddys Home, Earth Angel, Sincerely, Goodnight Sweetheart, Goodnight and In The Still Of The Night all bring back a flood of great memories.  Now I observe my own teenage children and I hear the music of their generation.  I can not help but wonder, if the songs they listen to will one day mean as much, as these songs do in the &quot;juke Box&quot; in my mind.  This CD reflects the original sound of street corner Doo-Wop. I fell in love with this music for two reasons: The Har! mony and the Saxophone solo's in the songs. The group Crosby, Still's and Nash obtained the harmony that became the trade mark of early rock n roll. The group Men To Boys also has the great harmonic sound of these legendary groups. This is a sound that is at the heart of rock n roll.  This Cd is a Five Star track of music.  Enjoy it as I do. Jerry Poss"))
(5.0, (u'B000007SR8', u"After watching the movie, &quot;Armegeddon&quot;, I was afraid that the soundtrack would not live up to the movie.  Well, I definitely was wrong for this is one of the best soundtracks I own.  I loved the movie and I loved the soundtrack equally.  Aerosmith did a great job with &quot;I Don't Want to Miss a Thing&quot; and &quot;What Kind of Love Are You On&quot;. I also enjoyed Shawn Colvin's &quot;When the Rainbow Comes&quot;, Jon Bon Jovi's &quot;Mister Big Time&quot;, Patty Smyth's &quot;Wish I Were You&quot;, and especially &quot;Animal Crackers&quot;.  Last but not least, Chantal Kreviazuk's &quot;Leaving on a Jet Plane&quot; brought tears to my eyes.  All in all, this is a wonderful CD and I would recommend it to anyone."))
(5.0, (u'B0000088HD', u"If you are not familiar with James Blood Ulmer, you are certainly missing an important artist in your collection.  This particular albumn is his best work though I would recommend some of his other albumns as well.  With Calvin Weston as one of two drummers, the music drives forward at a frenetic pace, while Ulmer dives in and out with short riffs.  Irene Datcher, who sings on a few of the cuts with the gravel voiced Ulmer, has the vocal power to rise above the busy music and is a real stand out.  When it comes to guitar mastery, James Blood Ulmer should be better known.  Pay particular attention to his work with the waw waw pedel.  This album is not for the faint of heart, Ulmer's melding of Harmonolodic Jazz (a la Coleman) and rock takes some listening effort.  I suggest that the listener relax and focus on James' Guitar as the rest of the band comes at you like a steamroller."))
(5.0, (u'B000000993', u"Wow... the first time I heard this album I didn't think it compared to nima at all. I was wrong on that one! Undertow is not Tool's best album, in fact I'd rate it 2nd under nima, but it is one of the best albums ever to be produced. I purchased Undertow because of my burning desire to own another Tool album and discovered that it was a very wise purchase. The first time that I listened to the album I didn't enjoy it as much cause I didn't pay attention to the lyrics. Maynard is a lyrical genius who needs to be given every ounce of respect possible. His emotional voice brings every song on this album to life! Adam's use of artificial harmonics and feedback is brilliant. I have two more words about this album... BUY IT!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001SOA', u"Merle Haggard's Sing Me Back Home, Sing a Sad Song, and Everybody's Had the Blues show a purity of note and voice timber that, coupled with a knowledge of &quot;what it's like to have been there, &quot;give some small idea of this amazing rendition of some of the purest &quot;county&quot; ever written and sung.As always, Haggard's musical support is precise, pitched exactly to the mood and mode of the song, and noticeable only when it's meant to be.There are excellent many singers who have recorded one or more of Jimmie Rodger's legendary, simple, beautiful &quot;train/hobo/pain&quot; songs; but of Merle Haggard's incredible disk of 20 of Jimmie's best (plus five short background narrations by Merle), all one can say is that if Jimmie Rodgers could have heard them sung like this, he would have said &quot;My God, I wish I could have done them like that.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UW0', u'There is no more complex or challenging album in the R.E.M. catalog than Fables of the Reconstruction. Or more divisive. It could either be R.E.M.\'s best or worst album, depending on whom you ask, and that includes the band members themselves -- Bill Berry once said this album "sucked" while Michael Stipe insists that it\'s one of his favorites. Then there\'s the name -- either Fables of the Reconstruction or Reconstruction of the Fables, again depending on whom you ask. It\'s tough to get a general consensus on this album.After their first two relatively upbeat albums, Fables of the Reconstruction is definitely a step into the darkness, beginning with Peter Buck\'s eerie ringing opening notes on the album\'s brilliant first track, "Feeling Gravitys Pull." Howling, moody and cryptic, the song lets you know, right away, that you\'re in for quite a ride here. The next song, the vastly underappreciated "Maps and Legends," just swirls and shimmers, capped perfectly by Mike Mills and Bill Berry\'s spooky background vocals. This is a dark ride indeed.Each and every song has a dark, Southern gothic feel with a wide range of memorable, eccentric characters -- from the wise recluses on "Maps and Legends" and "Life and How To Live It" to "Old Man Kinsey" to "Wendell Gee." Each song is like a complex little short story and the album as a whole unfolds like a maddeningly addictive puzzle once you get into it.I think those who don\'t care for Fables find all of this Southern gothic stuff too odd and depressing but really, it\'s not all doom and gloom here. There are several moments when the sunshine peeks through Fables\' darkening clouds. There are the two stellar "train" songs -- the explosive "Auctioneer (Another Engine)" and "Driver 8," one of the band\'s trademark songs. There\'s "Can\'t Get There From Here," a funky number with a jazzy blast of horns. There\'s the gorgeous "Green Grow The Rushes," one of the band\'s best and most overtly political songs. And finally there\'s the sweet front porch nostalgia of "Wendell Gee" where Michael softly croons "Whistle as the wind blows, with me..." If you give it a chance, Fables of the Reconstruction is full of little surprises.Admittedly, it is a pretty strange little album, though -- probably a reflection of the band\'s supposedly dour mood at the time. Already stressed out from constant touring and mounting critical and commercial expectations, they found themselves working with a brand new producer for the first time (Joe Boyd, taking the place of Mitch Easter) and recording in cold and snowy London, far away from home. R.E.M. was definitely at a crossroads in their career but as all great bands do, they passed through the fire and were all the better for it. Even in R.E.M.\'s catalog of brilliant albums, Fables of the Reconstruction stands out as one of the band\'s finer moments.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002N9S', u'At first glance, New Adventures In Hi-Fi looks like a mess. It\'s all over the place musically. The songs are too long. Several tracks were recorded during soundchecks while the band was in the middle of a tour. One song was recorded in a dressing room. The album seemed like it was hastily put together and several listeners thought it would have been better if the band had taken these songs into the studio and tightened them up a little bit.New Adventures In Hi-Fi may look like a mess, but it\'s a beautiful mess. Combining the acoustic sound of albums like Out of Time and Automatic with the brash rock sound of albums like Monster and Lifes Rich Pageant, New Adventures In Hi-Fi shows the band at the very peak of their creative powers. It\'s kind of a weird album, but it\'s supposed to be. It\'s supposed to capture the weirdness, the loneliness and the isolation of being out on the road on tour. Or, for those of us who aren\'t rock stars, it captures that same feeling of being out on the road of life. That\'s why the album had to be recorded the way it was -- mostly live and on the road. The band wanted to capture that feeling while they were living it.As I said, the album is something of a combination of the band\'s two previous albums, Automatic For The People and Monster. But here\'s the thing -- the quieter songs on New Adventures (like "How The West Was Won..." and "New Test Leper") wouldn\'t have sounded out of place on Automatic, and the rock songs here, in my opinion, are much better than the songs on Monster. And that makes sense because the songs on Monster were written in a studio by a band that hadn\'t really touched their electric guitars in four years. The songs on New Adventures were written by a band in the middle of a huge rock tour. By the time songs like "The Wake-Up Bomb," "Departure," and "Binky The Doormat" were written, R.E.M. had shaken off the rust and were firing on all twelve cylinders.Every song here is fantastic but two songs are especially noteworthy and rank amond the band\'s very best. "E-Bow The Letter" is a stunner and reminds me of another personal R.E.M. favorite, "Country Feedback." Michael Stipe speak-sings the freeform poetry lyrics (as he did on "Country Feedback") and punk legend Patti Smith makes a stirring guest appearance. As the song nears the ends, Stipe and Smith\'s vocals wrap around each other beautifully and sends an already spectacular song into orbit. The other highlight for me is the album\'s closer "Electrolite," which features Mike Mills on piano, Peter Buck on banjo, and a fantastic violin solo. I have no idea what the song is about but it just makes me glad to be alive.Sadly, drummer Bill Berry decided to retire from the band after this album. Because of that, you could even make the case that this is actually R.E.M.\'s last album. That sounds harsh because the band has made some pretty good music without Bill, but Bill was a multi-talented musician who did more than just play drums and I think his absence has hurt. In my opinion, R.E.M. will forever be Berry-Buck-Mills-Stipe and it just hasn\'t been the same without the guy with the unibrow in the group. A three man R.E.M.? Now that\'s the real adventure.'))
(5.0, (u'B000007W50', u"This CD is marvelous!  The extended version of the TELETUBBIES SAY EH-OH! (Again, Again Mix) is incredible!  You can't help but be happy when listening to this.  Children will adore it!  I'm 41 and I love it, too!  I am so pleased with this CD--it's well worth the wait.  It has all the best music from the show plus little extras (the tubby custard sound, the little flowers speaking).  I also love the Bumps A Daisy and Tip Toe dance songs!  Buy this!  You won't regret it, and it will definitely bring a smile to all who hear it!  I'm listening to it now--you should be, too!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001I0A', u'It\'s amazing how fresh and distinctive Murmur sounds nearly 25 years after its release. This was R.E.M.\'s first masterpiece and every music fan should have a copy of this album in their collection and listen to it regularly. It really is that good and that important.If you listen to their debut EP Chronic Town first, it\'s clear that the band was holding back a bit when they recorded that EP. Don\'t get me wrong, Chronic Town is great fun, but Murmur is far more advanced. It\'s like the band jumped directly from Algebra to Calculus.The experimentation on Chronic Town is still here (that thunder noise on "We Walk" is really the sound of balls on a pool table) but it\'s dialed back just a touch so the album doesn\'t sound naive and gimmicky. Michael Stipe\'s lyrics (when you can hear them) improved tremendously between the two albums. And while all of the songs on Chronic Town sounded similar, the band purposefully gave each and every song on Murmur its own distinctive flair -- from the country-twinged "Talk About The Passion" to furious rave-ups like "Moral Kiosk" and "9-9" to folk rock numbers like "Catapult" and "Shaking Through" to the nursery-rhyme charm of "We Walk." There are no defined musical boundaries here.Most of the songs on Murmur were written pre-Chronic Town and tucked away for the band\'s first full length album. Two songs ("Radio Free Europe" and "Sitting Still") had been released as a single before Chronic Town was released. "Radio Free Europe," largely at the record label\'s request," was remade for Murmur, while "Sitting Still" was basically the same track. Two more songs ("9-9" and "Shaking Through") were originally recorded for Chronic Town, but were set aside for Murmur. Another song ("Pilgrimage") was a demo that the band liked enough to put on the album as-is. Peter Buck claims the band knew exactly how they wanted the album to sound like, right down to the track order, before they even entered the studio. I don\'t know if that\'s true, but it\'s apparent the band was well-prepared for their first album.Nearly everything is turned upside down here. This is why Murmur was so revolutionary. Most groups put the lead singer and lead guitar at the forefront -- here you hear Berry and Mills more clearly than Stipe and Buck (maybe because Berry and Mills were more accomplished musicians than Stipe or Buck). Most groups follow that strict verse-chorus-verse song structure. Here, you have several unique combinations -- like a verse-bridge-chorus, or something like "Pilgrimage," which starts with Stipe shouting the chorus from a distance. All of this, coupled with Stipe\'s mysterious vocals, gives Murmur its unique feel. It really is fascinating stuff.Despite all of this mystery and deception (or maybe because of it), Murmur really grabs your attention and just doesn\'t let go. I can\'t listen to "Perfect Circle" (which is still probably the most beautiful song R.E.M. has ever recorded) without getting a tear in my eye, or "We Walk" without smiling and bobbing my head back and forth. Moody, mysterious and charming -- Murmur is simply an astounding piece of music.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000026XA', u"Okay, okay, you may think that Glam Rock is a dead genre.  I'm here to tell you, it's not.  Witness Warrant's 1990 album &quot;Cherry Pie&quot;.  This album was released when I was only seven years old, and I have just recently discovered glam rock.  Warrant has quickly become one of my favorite bands.  Their songs are so refreshingly HAPPY compared to the dreariness of alternative music that has taken over radio stations and CD racks within the last five years.  I especially enjoy &quot;Cherry Pie&quot;, &quot;Bed of Roses&quot;, &quot;Blind Faith&quot;, &quot;I Saw Red&quot;... basically every song on there!  But, I have to say, no Warrant collection is complete without a copy of &quot;Dirty Rotten Filthy Stinkin' Rich&quot;.  Now, just screw what everyone else says.  GLAM ROCK IS BACK!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002I9S', u'&quot;Extensions&quot; is proof-positive that the Manhattan Transfer is one of the very best vocal jazz groups ever. The vocal calisthenics of the Birdland track were enough to convince the Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences that the group deserved a Grammy for this performance, and the other tracks are just as vivacious and varied. Nothing You Can Do About It is an acceptable attempt at a pop offering, but the more classical Transfer sounds of Shaker Song, Body and Soul, Wacky Dust, and the great a capella rendition of Foreign Affair really enhance the jolt you get from the Birdland track. Coo-Coo-U and Twilight Zone are terrific expeditions into strange sounds and aural experiments that are fun to listen to also. All in all, this is the album that showcases the Manhattan Transfer at the very top of their form.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002MVH', u"Rolling Stone claimed this album to be &quot;very, very sad,&quot; but I wholeheartedly disagree!  My poor son must have heard this album literally 300 times in a row in utero, during the last months of my pregnancy.  He still calms with joy when I sing some of the songs to him.  This album astounds me.  The lyrics are thoughtful and she does, like Harry Chapin, manage to find the beautiful in what tends to be the rather disheartening aspects of life, but I feel she offers so much more HOPE, because she's singing from a place of confidence in the human spirit.  Plus, the saxophone playing is tremendously inspired.  GOD BLESS.  MMM!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002N7G', u'This is the album that no one should be without. This is and probably will always be one of the most influential albums in my life.  Jeff Tweedy and Wilco create a vivid and complete picture of the importance of music and hold dear to one single element, simple honesty.  From the chatostrophic &quot;misunderstood&quot;, the enchanting &quot;far, far, away&quot;, the rocking &quot;Dreamer in my Dreams&quot;, to the moving &quot;the Lonely One&quot;, Wilco make you feel every emotion you thought you never had.  Every single time I listen I get something new out of it.  If you are thinking about getting this album, please do, you will not regret it.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003RVA', u"If you didn't already know, Amorphous Androgynous is actually the Future Sound of London. Tales of Ephidrina was crafted from the sounds &quot;leftover&quot; from Lifeforms. Tales of Ephidrina is a kinda of experimental mix of atmospheric ambient and techno, creating a sound that will appeal to fans of electronic music with a fat bassline yet retain the armchair listening of ambient. The soundscape Tales of Ephidrina creates is like a surreal alien world, shifting from soft textures to hard hitting beats. Probably the least recognized album by FSOL, but my favorite, it blows all their other work out of the water. The only dissapointing thing is that the album is under 50 minutes. Don't expect it to sound like anything FSOL has ever done before though, it's much much better."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TAP', u"This Counting Crows' first album is easily the best debut album by a band ever, and could make a strong case for the best album, period, of all time. From start to finish the music is great, the lyrics thought-provoking and poignant, and the band's performance tight. On a more specific note, &quot;Mr. Jones&quot; could very well be the best song of all time. It poignantly tells the story of one man's hopes, dreams and fears (no doubt shared by many of us) yet, at the same time manages to rock. A classic song on an all-time classic album. Adam Duritz and Counting Crows should be around for a long, long time."))
(5.0, (u'B000000ITL', u"This XTC album represents one the band's most cohesive, consistent and creative albums. Easily one of the best albums of the 1980', Andy Partridge's songs are consistently interesting and delightful to listen to as well. Colin Moulding's four contributions to this 14 track cd are amoung the best songs he has written.A frequently overlooked fact about Moulding's material; although less prolific than Partridge, his material is on a par(and on occasion better than)his bandmate's song. Dave Gregory contributes masterful playing and arrangement ideas(as does producer Todd Rundgren).The sound on this audiophile cd puts the original issue on Geffen to shame. It is clear after listening to this cd, that the Geffen original was mastered from a second generation copy, or a slightly improved lp master. The only compliant is that this cd(like the Geffen original)substitutes &quot;Dear God&quot; for 'Mermaid's smile&quot;. Although &quot;Dear God&quot; is a fine track(and became their first charting single since 1980's ENGLISH SETTLEMENT in the U.S.), it doesn't messure up to &quot;Mermaid&quot; and creates a sense of discontinuity on the cd. Instead, it would have been nice to have this cd as originally issued on vinyl in the U.S.(and cd in the U.K.)with &quot;Dear God&quot; as a bonus track. Mobile Fidelity, however, usually doesn't do this when remastering and reissuing cd's.Nevertheless, this is one of the best sounding cd's to be issued from Mobile Fidelity and, again, puts the original Geffen issue to shame. Unfortunately, this album is not a big enough seller for Geffen/MCA to consider reissuing in a remastered edition(at least at this time). Even if Geffen did reissue SKYLARKING, it is unlikely they would be able to surpass the sound quality of this disc unless using new technology.One of the best written, produced and performed albums of the 1980's and XTC's career, this album would become the benchmark against which latter day XTC albums would be measured. As such, this album is a classic and in the same league as the band's best albums WHITE MUSIC, BLACK SEA, ENGLISH SETTLEMENT and THE BIG EXPRESS."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OAA', u"If you're a fan of Queen's flamboyant mixture of hard rock and exquisite melodic diversity, then this album is hard to surpass.  It rocks out from the very beginning, with Freddie's falsetto punctuations backed by Brian May's hyperactive ultra-heavy guitar stylings on &quot;Brighton Rock&quot; - a favourite when played live, always good as a showcase for May's extended improvisation.  Then you get the hit single &quot;Killer Queen&quot; and you know you're in for one helluva good record.  The medley that follows &quot;Tenement - Flick - Lily&quot; shows Queen at their best, merging one genre of music seemlessly into the next.  &quot;Now I'm Here&quot; brings us back to the good-old heavy rock they excelled at, and you can hear them during the outchoruses propelling themselves on, a la Stones ('go go go Little Queenie').  The album gets even more diverse as it goes along, ranging from melodramatic opera (In The Lap Of The Gods I) to outright heavy metal (Stone Cold Crazy! , incidentally covered by Metallica in 1991 as an homage to Queen), followed by an even more eclectic mix of styles - check out &quot;Bring Back That Leroy Brown&quot; for Queen's own nod to the Andrew Sisters and such.  The album continues with Brian's tender and emotionally stirring march &quot;She Makes Me&quot; (backed by the 'Stormtroopers In Stilletos'), and finishes off with Freddie's rousing singalong &quot;In The Lap Of The Gods... Revisited&quot;).  All in all, a fantastic effort from those glam-rock gods - a natural progression from the outstanding &quot;Queen II&quot;, and a logical precursor to the ever-popular &quot;A Night At The Opera&quot;. A true Queen gem: definitely for Queen fans, or for anyone who's out for a good musical box around the ears."))
(5.0, (u'B000006OAU', u"The one and only problem I found with this excellent soundtrack is the absence of a ending credits track.  And do you know why there was no ending credits track?  Because Chris Carter made the stupid desicion of having a bunch of very un-X-files-like bands make another evil soundtrack.  This was also my only complaint with the movie itself.  Why are they doing this with movies these days?  I am convinced that half those songs weren't even in the movie!  One song while Mulder was in the bar, and maybe two during the credits.  Where are the others?!?!?!?  Could somebody please explain this to me because I am really confused.  Why write songs for a movie when they aren't even in the movie?  I DON'T GET IT!  And how dare they steal my end credits song?  Every other soundtrack I have (Star Wars, Raiders of the Lost Arc, etc.) has an end credits track that beats all the others.  And now they have denied me my X-files credits song.  Curses!  If you can explain this to me, PLEA! SE DO!  E-mail me, I need an explination!"))
(5.0, (u'0790743507', u"I first laid eyes on Gene Kelly in Cover Girls, and then subsequently went and saw every one of his movies!  Singin' in the Rain is certainly Kellys greatest picture; his suave, charming, lovable Don Lamont is enough to make any girl swoon!  Donald O'Connor is comic genius and Debbie Reynolds is perfect in her first picture as the innocent but spunky object of Kelly's affection.  The songs are all great, it is really hard to pick a favorite!  But the crown jewel in this extraordinary film is Kelly's title song and dance.  Kelly is phenomenal, and who doesn't want to be like him - just sublimely happy to be alive.  This picture is great, a classic; a great film, and a wonderful showcase of Gene Kelly's abundant talents!  5 stars don't cut it with Singin' in the Rain!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000HJQ', u"This disc is the first of a 10-disc series that is the definitive collection of Freestyle music. The series features a variety of songs from the most popular artists of the genre, including many hard-to-find classics. All discs include comprehensive liner notes charting the history of Freestyle music. A must-have collection for anyone interested in dance music from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.Disc One Highlights: Almost every song on this issue is considered a Freestyle classic. Special mentions go to Sa-Fire's &quot;Don't Break My Heart&quot; and Noel's &quot;Silent Morning.&quot;This volume also contains classics by TKA, The Cover Girls, Lisa Lisa &amp; Cult Jam, Sweet Sensation, Nayobe, Information Society, Judy Torres, Expos&eacute;, and more."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HJS', u'This disc is the second of a 10-disc series that is the definitive collection of Freestyle music. The series features a variety of songs from the most popular artists of the genre, including many hard-to-find classics. All discs include comprehensive liner notes charting the history of Freestyle music. A must-have collection for anyone interested in dance music from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.Disc Two Highlights: As with Disc One, every song is a classic. &quot;Love Letter&quot; by Giggles and &quot;Because of You&quot; by The Cover Girls are outstanding. Includes the hard-to-find classic &quot;(You Are My) All and All&quot; by Joyce Sims.This volume also contains classics by TKA, Noel, Lisa Lisa &amp; Cult Jam, Judy Torres, C-Bank, and more.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000HK1', u"This disc is the fifth of a 10-disc series that is the definitive collection of Freestyle music. The series features a variety of songs from the most popular artists of the genre, including many hard-to-find classics. All discs include comprehensive liner notes charting the history of Freestyle music. A must-have collection for anyone interested in dance music from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.Disc Five Highlights: George Lamond first appears on this series with the classic &quot;Bad of The Heart.&quot; Also, Pajama Party appear with their &quot;Miami-sound&quot; classic &quot;Yo No S&eacute;&quot; and Cynthia and Johnny O team up for the very popular &quot;Dreamboy/Dreamgirl&quot; duet. A rare find is Eileen Flores' &quot;Touch Me With Your Heart.&quot;This volume also contains classics by The Cover Girls, TKA, Sa-Fire, Coro, Tony Moran (of The Latin Rascals) Sweet Sensation, Tiana, and more."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HK3', u"This disc is the sixth of a 10-disc series that is the definitive collection of Freestyle music. The series features a variety of songs from the most popular artists of the genre, including many hard-to-find classics. All discs include comprehensive liner notes charting the history of Freestyle music. A must-have collection for anyone interested in dance music from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.Disc Six Highlights: &quot;Don't Stop Now&quot; by The Cover Girls is a rarity on CD. This volume also introduces the &quot;new school&quot; sound with &quot;Together Forever&quot; by Lisette Melendez and &quot;Temptation&quot; by Corina (the only Freestyle song to hit #1 on Billboards Top 100). George Lamond, the King of Freestyle, is featured twice on this issue, including the outstanding &quot;Without You.&quot;This volume also contains classics by Coro, TKA, Noel, Nyasia, Sweet Sensation, and more."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HK5', u"This disc is the seventh of a 10-disc series that is the definitive collection of Freestyle music. The series features a variety of songs from the most popular artists of the genre, including many hard-to-find classics. All discs include comprehensive liner notes charting the history of Freestyle music. A must-have collection for anyone interested in dance music from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.Disc Seven Highlights: Both Cynthia and Giggles return with new songs and new sounds on &quot;Love Me Tonight&quot; and &quot;What Goes Around Comes Around,&quot; respectively. Included is TKA's last new recording, &quot;Maria,&quot; from their greatest hits album. Also, &quot;Whispers&quot; by Corina, her over-looked, yet wonderful, follow-up to &quot;Temptation.&quot;This volume also contains classics by George Lamond, Voyce, Coro, Lil' Suzy, The Cover Girls, and more."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HLT', u"This disc is the eighth of a 10-disc series that is the definitive collection of Freestyle music. The series features a variety of songs from the most popular artists of the genre, including many hard-to-find classics. All discs include comprehensive liner notes charting the history of Freestyle music (except Volumes 8 through 10, which were later added to the series). A must-have collection for anyone interested in dance music from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.Disc Eight Highlights: Volumes 1 through 7 were, for the most part, chronological in the listing of songs. Volume 8 offers a variety of hits that span Freestyle's popular period, including &quot;Point of No Return&quot; by Expos&eacute;, &quot;If You Leave Me Now&quot; by Jaya, &quot;Notice Me&quot; by Sande&eacute;, and &quot;My Heart Gets All The Breaks&quot; by Monet. Also, Brenda K. Starr appears with &quot;Pickin' Up Pieces.&quot; &quot;Diamond Girl,&quot; the classic, radio-favorite by Nice &amp; Wild is also!  included.This volume also contains classics by Stevie B, Debbie Deb, Sweet Sensation, Will To Power, Laissez Faire, Trinere, Cynthia, and more."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HLV', u"This disc is the ninth of a 10-disc series that is the definitive collection of Freestyle music. The series features a variety of songs from the most popular artists of the genre, including many hard-to-find classics. All discs include comprehensive liner notes charting the history of Freestyle music (except Volumes 8 through 10, which were later added to the series). A must-have collection for anyone interested in dance music from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.Disc Nine Highlights: Volumes 1 through 7 were, for the most part, chronological in the listing of songs. Volume 9 offers a variety of hits that span Freestyle's popular period, including &quot;Come Go With Me&quot; by Expos&eacute;, &quot;You're The One&quot; by Sande&eacute;, and &quot;Remember&quot; by Fascination. Also, Stevie B appears twice with &quot;Party Your Body&quot; and &quot;Spring Love,&quot; two classic Freestyle hits.This volume also contains classics by Johnny O, Will To Power, Pajama Party, Cyn! thia, Connie, The Latin Rascals &amp; Sa-Fire, and more."))
(5.0, (u'B000000HLX', u"This disc is the last of a 10-disc series that is the definitive collection of Freestyle music. The series features a variety of songs from the most popular artists of the genre, including many hard-to-find classics. All discs include comprehensive liner notes charting the history of Freestyle music (except Volumes 8 through 10, which were later added to the series). A must-have collection for anyone interested in dance music from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.Disc Ten Highlights: Volumes 1 through 7 were, for the most part, chronological in the listing of songs. Volume 10 offers a variety of hits from Freestyle's newest generation of artists (with a couple classics for good measure). This CD is highlighted by the inclusion of Cynthia's &quot;How I Love Him&quot; and George Lamond's &quot;It's Always You.&quot;This volume also contains new classics by Planet Soul, Jocelyn Enriquez, Lisette Melendez, Collage, Rochelle, and more."))
(5.0, (u'B00000265U', u'When the core of The Clash broke up after &quot;Combat Rock,&quot; the two main members, Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, went on rather divergent paths.  Strummer attempted to remake The Clash and released &quot;Cut The Crap&quot;-a truly egregious effort, and an insult to the name The Clash.  Jones formed Big Audio Dynamite, and continued some of the experiments that The Clash had explored on albums such as &quot;Sandinista!&quot; by using massive numbers of samples and more synthesized percussion.  As a result,  &quot;This Is Big Audio Dynamite&quot; is an outstanding album, one that has held up well over the passing years.  The opening track &quot;Medicine Show&quot; samples heavily from the movie &quot;The Good, The Bad And The Ugly,&quot; and the song &quot;The Bottom Line&quot; was the &quot;hit,&quot; heavily played on the then-nascent college radio scene.  Future releases from BAD would not match the excellence and promise shown on the debut release, but in the alw! ays-fun game of determining who had the better career after a group broke up, Jones beat Strummer hands-down in his post-Clash career.  Now if The Clash would only follow the lead of The Sex Pistols and reform for a reunion tour......'))
(5.0, (u'B00000AE2Z', u'If you love Musicals you must have this album in your collection. It represents 30 years of musicals produced by Cameron Mackintosh. I just saw the video of this event from the June 8th Royal Gala benefit attended by Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip, the program features performances by Judi Dench, Ruthie Henshall, Julia McKenzie, Bernadette Peters, Jonathan Pryce, Lea Salonga and Colm Wilkinson. Musical excerpts include selections from &quot;My Fair Lady,&quot; &quot;Oliver!&quot; &quot;The Phantom of the Opera,&quot; &quot;Follies,&quot; &quot;Company,&quot; &quot;Les Miserables,&quot; and &quot;Cats.&quot; Each highlight is so well done that they made me applaud at home!! I only hope you enjoy this as much as I did.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000253N', u"Is this the album of all time or what? Some days, I'd say definitely. Cue up &quot;Lily, Rosemary And The Jack Of Hearts&quot; and get lost in the humor and intrigue of the story, and you won't want to come back. Wallow in your romantic heartbreak while &quot;If You See Her, Say Hello&quot; floats out of your speakers, and you'll never be the same again. The songs and performances here, every last one of them, are so rich and beautiful and evocative and affecting that they'll make you feel like laughing, crying, thinking, feeling, living, and singing, all at once. It's a masterpiece, one no serious rock fan should be without."))
(5.0, (u'B000002552', u"There's something really cool about the idea of Bob Dylan and The Band in the summer of 1967, holed up near Woodstock in upstate New York, far away from the &quot;Summer of Love&quot; hoopla, &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; and psychedelia in general, making decidedly anti-hip genre-defying music that has remained timeless (unlike all those psychedelic &quot;masterpieces&quot;). &quot;The Basement Tapes,&quot; a two-record set finally issued in 1975 in the warm post-&quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; glow of Dylan's career, is a sampler of those fabled summer sessions in the basement of &quot;Big Pink&quot; and, although it was never originally intended for mass release, it contains a good chunk of Dylan's (and The Band's) greatest work. Dylan's &quot;Please Mrs. Henry,&quot; &quot;Yea! Heavy And A Bottle Of Bread,&quot; and &quot;Lo And Behold!&quot; best exemplify the cheerful, easygoing madness of this music, but just about every track is a unique delight, particularly &quot;K! atie's Been Gone,&quot; the best of The Band's half-dozen tracks. It's a drop-dead gorgeous Richard Manuel-Robbie Robertson composition with one of Manuel's most affecting vocals. If you don't already own this album, you should. (See if you can spot Neil Young among the throng in the cover shots, taken in the boiler room of the Los Angeles YMCA in '75.)"))
(5.0, (u'B000001ERU', u"Elegantly Wasted is a very intense album with a variation of unique musical styles. Ranging from the soul-sound of &quot;Searching&quot; to the power of &quot;Don't Lose Your Head&quot;, it can be upbeat, melodic, and passionate. It manages to maintain a dance element without being &quot;teeny-bopper&quot; music. Lyrically, it is very mature, and gives a very personal look at the life of Michael Hutchence, a gifted and extremely talented man, with songs such as &quot;I'm Just A Man&quot; and &quot;Building Bridges&quot;. You know that every word he sings is meant, and written not to sell, but written from the bottom of his heart. This is INXS' most mature, powerful, and certainly their best album yet."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MWG', u"If you've ever gone through a painful breakup (more specifically, if you've ever been dumped), you'll be able to relate to this album. It's one of the best and yet most modest concept albums ever made. Isaak apparently had his heart badly broken before he made this album (his scrawled sleeve note to his ex is heart-wrenchingly, disarmingly personal), and the musical result is a pained but pretty cycle of songs that cut deep yet are surprisingly listenable. &quot;Somebody's Crying&quot; was the hit single, but it's actually one of the weaker tracks. &quot;Baby Did A Bad Bad Thing,&quot; &quot;Go Walking Down There,&quot; &quot;Don't Leave Me On My Own&quot; and the haunting title track are the real standouts. It's a very solid album, though, and every track has something to recommend it. An underrated gem."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S06', u"Why hasn't Camel received the attention it deserves?  This fabulous progressive rock band has produced some exquisite recordings during the 70's and &quot;The Snow Goose&quot; is the pinnacle of their career.  This album is a singular instrumental suite comprised of many parts.  Much of the music is classically influenced, but has that subtle rock edge to push it along.  The music is actually inspired by the children's fairy tale of the same name, but one does not need to be familiar with the story to enjoy the luscious flow of the album. This is prog. rock without the pretensions, and is masterful from start to finish.  Anyone who takes to this type of stuff must fish around for other Camel recordings from the same era (Their first four recordings - this being the third - all come highly recommended.)  Try &quot;Moonmadness&quot; or &quot;Mirage&quot; after this, and you won't regret unveiling the secret of this overly obscure band."))
(5.0, (u'B0000035E3', u"This is one of the first cd's i ever purchased, way back in 1991, and it has remained one of my favorites through the years.  I especially love to listen to it when I feel that down-and-out, rotten-to-the-core urge to smash something up good.  Musically, it sounds a lot like early Iggy Pop, from the Stooges era, but it packs a heavy metal whallop that makes it unique in the annals of punk rock.  &quot;Touch Me, I'm Sick&quot; is brutal and snotty, with a pinch of the tongue in cheek humor that sets Mudhoney apart from bands like Nirvana and Pearl Jam.  &quot;In-n'-out of grace&quot;, on the other hand, is probably the angriest song ever written.  It's kind of interesting to think about the fact that most of the material was released about the same time Debbie Gibson was rocketing to fame and fortune."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NCL', u"Just when I was convinced that Brian was suffering from irreversible  damage both emotionally, and physically, along comes this miraculous album!  Teeming with rich, vintage Wilson harmonies, wonderful singing, a childlike  purity, and an upbeat feel, the album is a must-own for all Beach Boy fans,  and for all fans of gorgeous music who might be sickened by the vulgar  often obscene trend so-called 'popular' music has taken.  No, it is NOT Pet  Sounds, perhaps the greatest album of the century, and it is NOT Smile, but  it is Brian's creative genius, nevertheless, close to its best! &quot;South  American&quot; is, for now, my favorite Brian song. Tune in tomorrow, it  might change.  A MUST buy!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001F2O', u"I was out album-shopping in 1983, and had remembered that this debut album for ABC had been on several critic's top-10 list.  However, while shopping, I had forgotten what the band's name was, and ALMOST picked up Culture Club's debut by accident.  I averted that near-disaster, and the critics were right-it is ONE great CD.  From the opening track &quot;Show Me&quot; to the ending track &quot;The Look Of Love (part two)&quot; (a one-minute reprise of the better-known part one), it's smooth Euro-pop all the way.  Imitators such as Heaven 17 and Spandau Ballet tried, but ABC got it right on this CD.  Of the 10 tracks, all are eminently listenable, the highlights being &quot;Show Me,&quot; &quot;Many Happy Returns,&quot; and &quot;The Look Of Love (part one).&quot;  Future releases would begin a slow-but-inevitable decline, culminating in the almost-comical &quot;How To Be A Zillionaire.&quot;  The use of an orchestra section in many parts only adds to the power of the tun! es instead of disguising their weakness (as most orchestral sections on songs do).  Although lead singer Martin Fry never really did obtain his barely-concealed desire to be the next David Bowie, the sum of the parts on this CD add up to one fine release."))
(5.0, (u'630327417X', u"Endless Summer, like it's title, means something very personal to each person who loves this film.  Like its magical studio cousin, Gidget, it is deceptively simple, almost amateurish by today's standards. Two boyish surfers follow the sun and summer around the world, surfing exotic shores, mixing with locals. Bruce Brown overdubs with a sweet voice and just-this-side-of-corny narration set to his competent 16mm photography.  But, like many masterpieces, it is larger than the sum of its parts---much larger.  From the now famous poster image of silhouetted surfers against the backdrop of the beach's infinite horizon to the plain and lilting surf guitar of the theme music, Endless Summer has become not only an evocation of surfing's enchanting allure, but a cultural touchstone of the 60's as well and, for a couple of generations since, the sweet memory of youth itself---endless, adventurous and warm."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TAL', u"I remember the day well.  It was the day after Thanksgiving, 1989, and I  was out shopping for CDs.  &quot;Rolling Stone&quot; had just listed their  top 100 albums of the '80's, and  #45 on that list was &quot;Daydream  Nation.&quot;  I liked what I had read, so I picked up the CD, and was  blown away.  From the opening track  &quot;Teen Age Riot&quot; to the final  &quot;Trilogy,&quot; it's a non-stop stream of consciousness ride.  The  sheer guitar power of the duo of Thurston Moore and Lee Renaldo make this a  tour de force of white noise and feedback.  Many groups thought that Sonic  Youth would be the group that led the &quot;alternative&quot; wave of the  early '90's that was instead championed by Nirvana, and in a way, Sonic  Youth had a hand in that, since Nirvana were proteges of the band.  Indeed,  Courtney Love met Kurt Cobain through Sonic Youth bassist (and Thurston  Moore's wife) Kim Gordon, who produced Hole's first album.  Although I  believe that &quot;Sister&quot; is the best Sonic Youth album, this one is  likewise a masterpiece, an excellent starting point to discover one of the  most underrated bands in rock history."))
(5.0, (u'B000005MA9', u'Es un disco en el que pueden escuchar una parte de lo que es Gloria Trevi.  15 temas de pelos en los que incluye su voz, su vida y sus lagrimas  ademas de su primer exito Dr.Psiquiatra, por primera vez en remix.  Un buen resumen de lo que ah logrado esta talentosisima mujer desde finales de los ochentas hasta 1996, pasando por El Ultimo Beso y Que Voy a Hacer Sin El? hasta La Papa Sin Catsup y luego por El Recuento de los Danos. Tambien por su inolvidable Pelo Suelto y sus Zapatos Viejos.  Tantos exitos que la llevaron ah ser la numero uno que sigue siendo hasta la fecha.  Recomiendo este disco como una verdadera joya sin olvidar sus discos anteriores de donde estos temas fueron desprendidos.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000028UW', u"Two of my favorite The The songs, &quot;Dogs of Lust&quot; and  &quot;Sodium Light Baby&quot; are on this album. It's a great one to play  at night with the lights low.The guitar of Johnny Marr, who this planet  needs a lot more of, is as always, great counterpoint to Johnson's usual  lamentations of love-gone-wrong, obsession-gone-wrong, the  world-gone-wrong. But the album has a relaxed and more intimate feel: you  almost feel you're in a club watching this being performed (in fact,  there's a &quot;legal&quot; bootleg his label released of a live  performance of mostly this album).Some of the lyrics get a little trite  and contrivedly ironic, as in &quot;Lonely Planet&quot; where the lines  &quot;If you can't change the world, then change yourself&quot; are  constantly sung, only to end as &quot;but if you can't change yourself,  then change your world.&quot;  Negative 50 on the clever-meter, quite  frankly, but a minor quibble with one of their strongest and least  indulgent albums."))
(5.0, (u'B000009CMC', u"With this, my first purchase of Grey Eye Glances, I can honestly say I'll  going out to pick up the previous three CD's, not too mention trying to  catch them ata  live show.  What a great captivating dics this is.  I  haven't been this enthralled by a disc, since October Project.  Its mellow,  insightful, deep, lyrical and melodic.  A cross between Tori Amos, Cowboy  Junkies, October Project.  GEG brings a refreshing change to the industry,  far from the annoying and over played songs of Shawn Colvin and Paula  Cole.In a nutshell, buy this disc, then go out and buy the others."))
(5.0, (u'B000009QUZ', u'Lalo Shifrin is amazing! To have know him when he played piano for Dizzy and later when he scored the music for an animated feature film I marketed, allowed me to the chance to recognize the versatily of this unique artist. This album is one of the few I have heard that successfuly melds jazz into a classical venue. Not only does Lalo play brilliant jazz piano (a la Previn or Legrand), he has assembled exemplary sidemen especially the brilliant Australian cornetist/trumpeter James Morrison whose range and warmth is immediatley ear-catching. And of course superb playing is expected of (and given) by Ray Brown on bass and Jeff Hamilton on drums. Give this CD all the stars in the galaxy!'))
(5.0, (u'B000002ZBR', u"i have waited for this to come out  on cd forever and a day. this is one  of my all-time favorite soundtracks  which i haven't heard in years (i  only have this on lp and don't have  a record player). most of the voices  on the soundtrack are dubbed (not  the  original actors) with some pleasing  exceptions. this was probably Bobby  Van's  only recording (or his last  before  he  died) of a great song - Question Me  An Answer and Sally  Kellerman does a  very good job on the duet - I Give  It All To  You. i  love this soundtrack and i  bet  there's a lot of other fans like me  that  didn't know it had finally been  put on cd. fans of Burt Bacharach's  music  will appreciate this very  much!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000001AE', u"Wow, where have you heard this before? This (and probably Star Wars and  Superman) is played everywhere. And why not? It's a great soundtrack to  listen to. This soundtrack has a lot of added tracks that was either  previously unreleased, or tracks that contain previously unreleased  material. The unreleased stuff is pretty good, but it follows with the  movie too much and doesn't really go through smoothly. Another great  addition to the CD is the 24 page booklet with interviews and other  assorted sketches and photos of the movie. This is a wonderful soundtrack  with lots of upbeat sounds, just like in it's impressive theme music. A  great buy, especially since it's more than an hour long (although on the  back it says 74 minutes!)."))
(5.0, (u'B000002H72', u"I didn't get The Pixies at first.  I was living in Chicago at the time,  and the cool radio station (93.1, WXRT) was playing &quot;Monkey Gone To  Heaven&quot; and &quot;Here Comes Your Man&quot; in heavy rotation (which,  according to their definition, was...once a day), and they just didn't  click for me.  I really got turned on to The Pixies when  &quot;Bossanova&quot; came out, and worked my way back.  So, when I got  around to buying this one,  the first song I heard was &quot;Debaser,&quot;  a mindblower.  &quot;Wave Of Mutilation&quot; is great also, and  as a CD,  it's simply outstanding.  I STILL don't  really get &quot;Surfer  Rosa&quot; or &quot;Come On Pilgrim,&quot; but chalk that up to personal  problems.  This serves as an excellent entry into The Pixies ouvre, and  harkens back to an earlier day when groups could be successful making  quirky albums that reached a small (if 100,000 or so is small) group of  dedicated fans who would help nurture a group as it found its voice."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HOK', u"I bought this while living in the UK, and have never tired of listening to  it. Every British friend that heard it (and hardly anyone over there has  heard of 3EB) begged me to get them a copy - that's rare for American rock.  I bought it because I liked 'Semi Charmed Life' but that one is not even  among the best songs on the album.  I made it my personal mission to spread  the word in the UK about 3EB because this is one of the best albums I have  ever heard.  My personal favorite is Motorcycle Drive By, but I agree with  most others reviewers that there isn't a bad song on the album.  Incredibly  impressive CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J1E', u"Our problems lie in trying to categorize music.  Yes has been defined as  the pinnacle of 'progressive rock' now for over 25 years -- but like every  other category (punk, speed, classic, funk), the definitions get too  fuzzy.Let's just call it music.  And then let's pass our own judgements  based on whether we like it, whether it moves us, whether we would listen  to it more than once.&quot;Close to the Edge&quot; is great music,  composed and played by instrumentalists (including the voice  instrumentalist) with a great amount of talent.  The title piece defines  Yes:  texture, depth, motion, lyrical, containing intertwining themes  amidst changing tempos that lift the piece to a soaring climax.  It never  sounds dated.  &quot;And You and I&quot; contains rich, full keyboards  surrounded by fine guitar work -- nearly meeting the peaks of the title  song.  &quot;Siberian Khatru&quot; crashes forward with Howe's unique  guitar style.This is the only album that I never tire of.  And likely  never will."))
(5.0, (u'B000000V4U', u"The most important thing to know about this CD is that it is NOT merely a  collection of &quot;Christian songs&quot;. The music of Keith Green is the  heart and soul of the ministry of one man who was sold out to Jesus Christ  and asked the Holy Spirit to anoint each and every note he wrote and sang.  Keith's life and work greatly inspired me as a young Christian, as did his  early death in 1982. But what amazes me the most is the power inherent in  his music across the decades. I have just recently renewed my commitment to  Christ after 13 years of utter rejection and sin. Keith Green (once again)  played a powerful part in anointing and softening my bitter, rebellious  heart and reopening it so that the Lord could speak to me again in a way I  would hear. I can't give enough &quot;stars&quot; for this CD ... at risk  of sounding clich&eacute;, it truly is one of the few music CDs where I can say  without hesitation that it has changed my life. Thank you Keith and Melody  for your ministry, vision and faithfulness to Jesus Christ. It touches us  yet..."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FDP', u"In the wake of the mainstream successes of such albums as Opera Savage,  Direct and The City, Vangelis reveals his darker side in an incredibly  powerful, almost &quot;violently charged&quot; series of instrumental  pieces that will leave the listener literally exhausted at its conclusion.  Vangelis unleashes the raw electronic power of his particular genre of  music in a way that is, for the most part, unprecedented in his chronology  of work. Combining the best (and darkest) aspects of his various  soundtracks (Blade Runner and The Bounty came to mind) Mask establishes a  convergence of the most energetic and untamed aspects of Vangelis' creative  tendencies.  One is left with the impression that he was extremely angry  when composing this album (with the obvious exception of &quot;Movement  6&quot; - a heavenly, almost angelic tune that left me with profound  spiritual visions and sources of inspiration).  The implications of this  album remained to be interpreted by the individual listener, as is always  the case.  However, it should be noted that of all his works, this is the  one least likely to end up in any wine commercials.  Dante had his inferno  and Van Gogh had his ear.  In &quot;Mask&quot; Vangelis shows us just where  he keeps his demons. 5 stars all the way."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MBJ', u"I just want to let you folks know that if you have ever thought about  possibly picking up a J. Cash recording this would probably be a tremendous  start to what will likely become a long-time Cash listening enjoyment.  It  is so full of genuine Johnny Cash that you'll feel you've always been a  fan, it is kinda addictive.  The man in black won't dissapoint with this  one!  Go buy it or call it in to a station that has a good time playing all  kinds of good music -'cause all kinds of good music &amp; fun are in this  album!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002OXH', u"I bought Jesse Powell's CD when it was released....I'm always looking for  new artists to put in my CD &quot;Rotation&quot; and I chose this CD  because I liked the titles.  I've listened to this CD for two years and  never grow tired of it. His lyrics are beautiful and yes, I can relate to  them.  I almost like the fact that not too many people here in Seattle know  of him, except a few of my friends, it's almost like it's my secret.  I  have anticipated a new release from him, and I'm glad to know he will soon  release another. I look forward to seeing him in concert soon, for my  birthday! Talk about excited! His CD has remained number ONE in my  rotation! I can't wait to have another ONE!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005HEO', u'The contents of this CD match his release MUSIC which was the first  Petrucciani CD I owned. Which ever I have in my car, the energy is  motivating, his talents are inspiring, and I always, ALWAYS love listening  to his music. I missed him at the Blue Note, but will go out of my way to  see him perform the next time he is in NY. - A wonderful addition to any  collection. My secretary loves his music, and my wife (NOT a Jazz tolerant  person) also enjoys his music. Buy it. You will definately enjoy it. The  five star review is not taken lightly.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000348S', u"Listeners of this cd will be reminded that, in the era of just three  guitars and a drummer, the British Invasion provided a pleasant change from  American sounds in the early 1960s. The sound quality of this cd is  remarkable. On &quot;Don't Throw Your Love Away&quot; you can actually hear  someone in the studio rustling some papers at the very start of the song.  The opening drum riff on &quot;Needles and Pins&quot; will stir the blood  of any Mersey listener. This album is nothing but pop....but pure, straight  and beautiful pop it is with jingle jangle guitars and high harmonies  covering songs that strongly hint of a lost era of innocence. Either you  love this stuff ...or you don't!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009OGW', u"I waited four years for this album, and unlike most things one waits for,  this exceeded my expectations. Listening to this album is like having a  candid chat with an old gal pal who got married, had a baby, and lived to  tell about it. Most of the songs are top notch with only a few dry points  in the middle (the yolk?).The sheer poetry of some of the songs (I'm  thinking of &quot;Go On Ahead&quot; in particular, as well as the title  track) make one race to the lyric sheet to confirm them, and the tunes  themselves make one recall everyone from Big Star to Elvis Costello.I  just hope I don't have to wait another four years for another golden egg."))
(5.0, (u'B000005D7Y', u"For the former HARDSoul Poets, this album was their first real shot at the  national scene.  Unfortunately, it failed to grab that attention largely  due to mishandling by the label.  The album itself is great.  The songs  create an atmoshpere of &quot;the surreal dirty deep south.&quot;  &quot;Skyliners&quot; is a kind of protest song against NC's own Jesse  Helms.  These rockers carry a twang on this album and got lumped into the  Americana category because of it.  They hate it.  Check out &quot;In the  Gloaming&quot; or a live show to get a truer taste for their sound.  Regardless, this album still kicks and the songs will stick in your head  just the same.  Kim Richey duets on &quot;I Read What You Wrote  Today&quot;, John Crooke's take on his own southern romance."))
(5.0, (u'B000003MSN', u"Often referred to as the hardest working band in the Southeast, Jolene  finally gets some recognition from this release.  For those of you familiar  with the first album, &quot;Hell's Half Acre&quot; it may be important to  note that the pedal steel guitar country-esque sound is downplayed in favor  of a more mysterious, sharper rock flavor.  As always, John Crooke's lyrics  are fantastic with maybe a hint of an e.e. cummings approach to  songwriting.  Refer also to the work of R.E.M., Vic Chesnutt, Uncle Tupelo,  Nanci Griffith, and Big Star.  They are well known on the local scenes with  connections to Kim Richey, Cowboy Mouth, Blue Mountain, and the Continental  Drifters.  This effort is a step closer to getting the national recognition  that Jolene has earned, even if the radio stations are afraid of it."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TB2', u"Yes, &quot;Odelay&quot; was a well-produced album.  But it didn't have the  vitality and song-writing of &quot;Mellow Gold&quot;. There aren't as many  samples and bleeps and burps as &quot;Odelay,&quot; but that was because  Beck had written some great lyrics.  He also wasn't afraid to inject some  humor into what was then an angst-ridden music scene.  Lines such as  &quot;Like a giant dildo crushing the sun&quot; conjure up incredibly funny  images in one's mind. Beck creates vivid images of people (Losers,  hillbillies, hippies, teenagers) that will make you laugh and nod your  head.  And songs such as &quot;Soul Suckin' Jerk&quot; change completely  midway through the song.  This album is yet another piece of evidence that  while production will help, it takes songwriting to create a truly great  album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JBB', u"This song is stunning.  An amazing peice of work.  I can't even describe  what this song means to me.  The Dakota Version of this beauty takes the  song to new heights and makes &quot;hey Jupiter&quot; even more beautiful  (I never thought it was possible).  But don't ignore the version on the  album &quot;Boys for Pele.&quot;  It's tremendously beautiful as well.  Also, this E.P. has some very good examples of the goddess in concert.  &quot;Sugar&quot; has always been one of my favorites as well as  &quot;Professional Widow&quot; and &quot;Honey.&quot;  It is great to hear  them live.  Especially &quot;Professional Widow,&quot; which Tori does not  play live much at all and when she does, she changes it dramatically and  uses her harmonium organ.  It's wonderful.  And Tori's version of  &quot;Over the Rainbow&quot; is the best I've ever heard.  Sorry Judy."))
(5.0, (u'B000009OGW', u"I've always been a casual fan of Liz Phair, but never really dedicated.  This album may get me to be.  Though the lyrics aren't as cutting as on  Exile in Guyville, this album rocks in a way that one never could.  This  isn't just vapid rocking either, like Whip-Smart seemed to be.  She's got  something different to say this time and it's great to listen to her say  it.  I loved Guyville, but it got on my nerves due to her weak voice and  &quot;indie&quot; sounding production.  She's obviously worked on her voice  and gotten a bigger budget for this album, but used it much better than she  did on Whip-Smart.  &quot;Polyester Bride&quot; and &quot;Shitloads of  Money&quot; are both winners with me.  Fans of Guyville will really like  &quot;Johnny Feelgood,&quot; a sort of follow-up to &quot;Johnny  Sunshine.&quot;  If you've heard her before and liked it, but just weren't  hooked, this is the album to get."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FZ6', u"Amazing. It's not because there isn't a bad song, but that all 14 are  great! Before buying this CD, I knew only Layla and Bell Bottom Blues, but  the other songs are just as good. I Am Yours is beautiful, Anyday and Keep  On Growing are great, and Key To The Highway is one of the best jams I've  heard, always great and never boring. And Little Wing is a wonderful  tribute to Jimi Hendrix, who died during the recording of this album, and  their version is even better than the original (in my opinion). The passion  in the playing and singing is what makes this album stand out. Too bad they  broke up after this one, they are the best short-lived band (or long-lived)  I know. I'd give more stars if I could..."))
(5.0, (u'B000002RBX', u"When a 17 year old writes practically an entire album by himself, you can  think a few things.  This album is really gonna suck with all of it's  immaturity and repetitivness, or this is one of the most taleneted young  men to ever grace the music industry.  In the case Days of th New it is  quite the latter as they rip it up on their self titled debut album.  Lead  man Travis Meeks not only can write incredibly deep lyrics for his age, but  he can set such moods with his guitar that he wouldn't even need his words.  From raging screaming (Freak) to soul filled angst (Whimsical), Meeks'  song-writing abilities are phenominal.  With excellent back up from  guitarist Todd Whitener, drummer Matt Taul, and bassist Jesse Vest, Days of  the New also has a depth that some new bands really lack.  Another aspect  that makes this album so great is the all acoustic music.  The all acoustic  set adds so much to the album that electric can make very mundane, and  besides thay can get heavy when they want to (listen to Freak or if you can  get hold of it listen to Got to be You and Independant Slave off their  Touch, Peel and Stand single).  This is one of the few CD's that I own that  I can listen to all the way through, and can listen to every day and never  get tired of it.  If you like grunge or alternative or even heavier stuff,  you'll like DotN.  They kick major ass."))
(5.0, (u'B000000ISB', u"I am not a fan of rock and roll music (I think Mozart is the nearest thing  to a God to ever walk the Earth) but I appreciate talent and virtuosity in  any genre.  My son told me to listen to Rush, so I borrowed some CDs and  was generally unimpressed--until I heard &quot;YYZ&quot;.  The  extraordinary precision of this three-man group combined with exceptional  production and mixing just astounded me.  Of the 80+ CD's that I own, this  is the only non-classical one, and I find that I play it more than any  other, partly because I enter IASCA stereo competitions (I have an  absolutely killer stereo in my old station wagon!) and the production  values of this CD are so high that it showcases my stereo better than any  other CD I have.  None of the other Rush CD's I have heard excite me, but I  highly recommend this one."))
(5.0, (u'B0000036TL', u"I'm convinced Bob Pollard could beat a deflated rubber ball and gargle his  lungbutter and my dad would still pop his head in my room and say, &quot;Is  that some basement tapes of the Beatles.&quot; I know that is the first  comparison I probably made when I first heard the boys from Dayton, but it  makes me cringe now: they are so much more!! Why isn't Bob Pollard Governor  or President or my best friend by now. Alien Lanes is most similar to Bee  Thousand  as far as GBV releases go but it retains a fierce and feisty  identity with its share of classics (too many to list). Just buy the damn  thing already you get something like $.62 a song. You will hum yourself  delirious."))
(5.0, (u'B000006DI9', u"...and darken, especially thanks to some of Jarvis Cocker's lyrics.  I  love this album, all the more so after listening to it a few times.  The  title track is so amazing on so many levels.  If you can catch the music  video of &quot;This is Hardcore&quot;, you'll also be awe-stricken as the  artistry that is Pulp's signature is not limited to their music, but also  their showmanship.  They are so overlooked with radio play, so I guess  you're just going to have to bite the bullet and buy this amazing album.  &quot;The Fear&quot;, &quot;Dishes&quot;, and &quot;Party Harty&quot; are  also excellent.  Plus, you'll feel great about your purchase because  there's a lot of Pulp on a Pulp CD.  Their albums are always super long so  you can keep the mood goin'!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAX', u"The most varied album (double albums included) you will ever hear. And all  of it is awesome. But I'm sure most people will misunderstand Revolution 9  when they buy this album-they'll think it's the most unbearable 8 minutes  they've ever had to listen to. But I see the song as a response to all the  violence and death in the year in which the album was released; it was the  year when Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King were assassinated, and the  Vietnam war was at its height (the Tet Offensive was in January). So, this  was Lennon's response to that chaotic year.Listen to it a few times and  you will enjoy it as much as I do."))
(5.0, (u'B000005GZ4', u"&quot;Temptation&quot; is a tour de force that succeeds on many levels:  the brilliant writing of Tom Waits, the minimal and gorgeous production of  Craig Street, and, predominantly, the interpretive genius and innovation of  Holly Cole.  &quot;Take Me Home,&quot; &quot;Train Song,&quot; and  &quot;Frank's Theme&quot; boast the Cole-comfortable arrangements her  longtime fans are familiar with: sparse instrumentation, dark vocal  inflections, and more mood than any other jazz singer would ever be able to  conjure.  But the fleshing out of her sound on &quot;Falling Down,&quot;  &quot;Little Boy Blue,&quot; &quot;The Heart of Saturday Night,&quot; and  &quot;I Want You,&quot; are something to behold.  While her trio setup is  her claim to fame (piano, bass, and vocals), hearing her pensive vocals  backed by harmonica, horns, guitar, and strings take the already-exciting  Holly Cole experience to a whole new level.  &quot;Jersey Girl,&quot; with  its hand claps and &quot;sha la la&quot; backup vocals, even treads close  to the realm of radio-ready pop.  &quot;Soldiers Things&quot; could  easily turn maudlin in the hands of a less capable vocalist, but Holly  knows just how much darkness to inflect so the focus is on her resigned  sadness and not any self-pitying melodrama.  Her dark, octave-layered  vocal on the title track is also dead on; the hypnotic track plays like a  soundtrack for any situation in which you find yourself doing something you  probably shouldn't...with a half-smile on your face all the while.  Perfectly complimented by Craig Street's organic production,  &quot;Temptation&quot; finds Holly in her darkly seductive, minimalist  glory.  Challenge yourself to find a more unique vocalist or stronger  artistic statement, and you will be kept very busy indeed."))
(5.0, (u'B000002TQV', u"From the first listening of this album, it is evident that Thom Yorke of  Radiohead has loved and lost like the worst of us.  His lyrics haunt you,  and if you are in the right mood, they will also stab you with miniscule  needle-pricks straight through your ego.And the voice!  With one foot in  falsetto range and the other in spoken word, Thom Yorke is able to convey a  lifetime's worth of frustrations and  observations with his various moans  and mumbles.Of course, it's not just him--the music that backs up his  wavering, pleading vocals is the battering ram behind the album--usually  progressing from a soft acoustic strum to a belligerent, electric tidal  wave of both angry passion and icy aloofness.  As an amateur guitar player,  I found the songs &quot;Just&quot; and &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; the  best teachers of simple, expressive music-playing.The album starts out  with the strong rock chords of &quot;Planet Telex&quot; and ends with a  tragic A-minor arpeggio from &quot;Street Spirit.&quot;  In between these  two poles Radiohead pulls you by the hair and forces you to remember every  time you felt like an outsider, every time you were rejected, every time  you someone let you down.  Then they reassure you that you are not alone,  as they hum you a lullaby until the last song soars through your ears and  perches upon a limb inside your memory and watches you like Poe's  Raven.My advice:  don't buy this album unless you're ready for a  long-term devotion to this band!If you have any more questions about  Radiohead or are a fan yourself, please feel free to email me!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000404C', u"In past recordings Tony Oxley has demonstrated matchless ingenuity on his  instrument as a percussionist. Particularly compelling is his work with the  orchestra's featured guest soloist, Bill Dixon. Oxley served as the  percussionist for Dixon's quartet in the recording sessions that resulted  in the titles &quot;Vade Meccum 1 &amp; 2&quot; (Soul Note) From these  recordings it was easy to understand the common ground between these two  improvisors. Both have the spontanaety of a young child coupled with the  sensibilities and sense of responsibility comparable to that of the most  ardent of classical pedagogues. So I was very anxious not only to hear how  Oxley fared as the orchestra's leader, but how the orchestra under such  leadership cohesed with Dixon. Dixon, though not very well known to the  uninitiated, is an institution. He remains THE most distinguished voice on  his instrument. He created an entirely new vocabulary for the trumpet  utilizing techniques that no one else has been able to decipher. This, plus  Dixon's history as an organizer and educator (The October Revolution in  Jazz, The Jazz Composer's Guild, The New York University of the Streets,  etc.) states for him his dedication to the musical community at large to  the same degree his abilities speak for his commitment to his art. His  playing on this recording does nothing to discourage the listener from  taking it VERY SERIOUSLY.  Ben Young states in the liner notes of this  recording  that what these musicians do in an orchestra is not the  culmination of last week's rehearsals, but each musician summarizing  decades of experience with each decisive action. The membership is able to  anticipate each other VERY WELL and it becomes very obvious to the doubtful  that there is nothing arbitrary or incidental about what one is hearing.  The orchestra is able to propel itself into dense exchanges right before  releasing it as though it never happened. It is hard enough for smaller  groups to be able to listen to each other and from that deploy the  appropriate response. All the musicians see this task through in fine  style. A reviewer in CODA MAGAZINE stated that he felt this recording to be  &quot;one of the most interesting and important&quot; to be heard in a  while. I would have to agree."))
(5.0, (u'B000005KW5', u"To borrow from the title of one of Michael Card's albums, Steven shows  with &quot;For the Sake of the Call&quot; that there is joy in the  Christian journey.  Not surprisingly, the title of this album's successor,  &quot;The Great Adventure,&quot; continues to describe the Christian life  as an exciting adventure.  Out of Steven's 9 albums (not including  collections), &quot;For the Sake of the Call&quot; and &quot;The Great  Adventure&quot; were included in a list of the best 100 Christian albums  from the past twenty years in CCM magazine's 20th Anniversary Edition.  &quot;For the Sake of the Call&quot; is the first of Steven's albums that  is consistently excellent from beginning to end, though every album prior  to this one contains at least one priceless gem.  After honing his craft  with this album, Steven continued to take artistic leaps with each new  album, and improved each time.  Definitely purchase his most recent two  albums,  &quot;Signs of Life&quot; and &quot;Heaven in the Real  World,&quot; but don't forget about this one!  Even though his most recent  collection, &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;, includes some of his best ballads,  it doesn't contain &quot;When You Are a Soldier&quot; (a song of love and  devotion to his wife) that must not be missed!"))
(5.0, (u'6304612796', u'The movie starts out with Kai (A Brunnin G)is killed along with the rest  of his people on the planet.  The ruler of the League of 20,000 planets  (named His Shadow) forces Kai to become a reanimated corpse to to the will  of His Shadow and his successors.  2008 years pass then you meet Zev of B3K  who is an overweight wife who is turned into a love slave joins Stanly  Tweedle and a robot head 790 (790 is his name) Steal the LEXX the most  powerful distructive force in the two universes.  (watch the movie for more  information on the two universes).  The movie is 90% CGI (Computer  Generated Images) it is a really good movie with lots of effects.  Other recommendations are Tales From A Parallel Universe: Super Nova,  Eating Pattern, or Giga Shadow  END'))
(5.0, (u'B0000009OB', u"Though it is a beet childish to decide a certain record is &quot;the best  record ever made&quot; to one's opinion, in that case I have to be childish  and say : &quot;That's actually the best album ever made...&quot; . Dark  yet colorful beautiful songs which fill my eyes with excitement tears of  totally mixed joy and sadness in each time I listen to it.  If you're  interested in more detailed review on the songs take a look at Chris K's  review. I tend to agree with most of what's written there. If you are a  true music lover (one that listens to music and not just uses it as a  'background'), do not hesitate - get it immediately."))
(5.0, (u'B00000649P', u"This comes highly recommended!  I haven't been TOTALLY into anew CD on very-first-listen in quite some time then along comes Solex.This one is stunning!  Elisabeth Esselink's mellow robotic sex-kitten singing could be compared to Liz Phair, Bjork, Abba, etc. but her voice is as unique as any of these women so the comparisons fall well short of describing her sound.  Layer on vaguely portishead-esque beats and grooves and the result is a catchy CD that can get your body movin' but only if you want it to. Well, that's my (inadequate) attempt at describing this mesmerizing music but you really have to hear it to believe it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAR', u"Even before the Beatles went into the studio to record their masterpiece,  Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, they had already transformed the  nature of rock music several months before with the British release of the  brilliant Revolver; and it is only through Sgt. Pepper that the Beatles  exceeded the achievements of Revolver. The songwriting is sincere,  innovative, and refreshing even three decades after the fact. Lennon and  McCartney achieved a level of artistry at this point in their career far  exceeding their contempories (with the exception of Dylan) and as yet  unmatched by current artists. The production level is still unsurpassed,  and even though the Beatles employed only four-track recording technology,  no album other than Sgt. Pepper before or since (even after the  introduction of recording equipment that includes over 100 separate tracks)  can even hope to touch the creative level reached by the Beatles and George  Martin. Each song is a micro-masterpiece in itself, and each one continues  to exemplify the Beatles extraordinary gift for diversity, experimentation,  and sheer sonic mastery. &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; &quot;For No One,&quot;  and &quot;Here, There, and Everywhere&quot; are as melodic, beautiful and  meaningful as any song ever written (going back to Schubert).  &quot;Taxman&quot;, Harrison's finest song to that date, is both witty  political commentary and one of the best rock songs of its day. &quot;And  Your Bird Can Sing,&quot; is, inspite of Lennon's later protests, quite  simply one of the most honest, liberating songs in the rock idiom.  &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; and &quot;Love You To&quot; display  the Beatles unmatched facility for diversity, and &quot;Yellow Submarine  joins that pair as one of the most engaging children's songs on record.  Above all, the final cut by itself sends music into a whole new realm of  sound, rhythm, and invention. Nothing compares to the revelation of this  song, originally called &quot;The Void&quot; by Lennon but re-titled  &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; for the final release. Even to this day,  after the considerable achievments of other capable artists with better  equipment, &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; remains light years ahead of  its time - and ours. This album is incomparable, dazzling, expansive - the  summit of originality and creative power. A necessity for anyone who is  interested in the evolution of music as such."))
(5.0, (u'B00000742O', u"Lisa's third album was never released in the States, though it's a puzzle  as to why, considering that &quot;So Natural&quot; contains some of Lisa's  finest material and plenty of potential singles.  The seductive title track  and the pulsating &quot;I Give You Everything&quot; are the perfect  examples of beautifully written songs perfectly matched with infectious  rhythms, while the soulful &quot;Marvellous &amp; Mine&quot; and the disco  workout &quot;Little Bit of Heaven&quot; rank with Lisa's finest dance  material.  She even goes out on a limb on the Sade-ish &quot;Sweet  Memories&quot; and the downright funk of &quot;Turn Me On&quot; with  glorious results.  As always the case with Lisa's CDs, it's a couple of  songs too long; &quot;Too Much Love Makin&quot; and &quot;Wish it Could  Always Be This Way&quot; are less than special and could have been left  out.  But listening to her glide through the lush &quot;Never Set Me  Free,&quot; complete with a 70's-reminiscent flugelhorn, is proof enough  that the US definitely missed the boat on a wonderful CD.  Her vocals are  in top form and her writing skills are as sharp as ever...all of which Lisa  probably finds so natural."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LMK', u"...so i'm cruisin around amazon just checking things out readin some  reviews and thinking about my favorite albums when i decide to see what  others have said about my all-time fav ragged glory and i just about sh*t  myself when i see there are none so the world is my oyster now what do i  say i say i'm still so stoked over this album i dont think i'll ever hear  anything better it blows my mind gives me goosebumps and i want everyone to  hear what i hear i'm not sayin this is one of the best this is it"))
(5.0, (u'B000002VNO', u"From the seductive midtempo of the opening track, &quot;Never Gonna  Fall,&quot; to the sweaty house rhythms of the closer, &quot;People Hold  On,&quot; this project finds Lisa Stansfield in top form.  She shows her  love for 70's soul on two wonderful reamkes: Barry White's &quot;Never  Never Gonna Give You Up&quot; and Phyllis Hyman's &quot;You Know How to  Love Me,&quot; which both succeed not only in being respectable to the  originals but also in being unique artistic statements for Lisa.  &quot;The  Real Thing&quot; uses a familiar Lisa chord progression without sounding  redundant, thanks in part to an irresistible hook and slick production.  &quot;I'm Leavin&quot; is one of the great underrated soul ballads of  recent years, and the gently brilliant &quot;Don't Cry for Me&quot; shows  that not all straight-ahead pop is pure schmaltz.  Like all Stansfield  projects, the album could have been trimmed down by a couple of tracks,  most notably the hip-hop lite &quot;The Very Thought of You&quot; and the  routine ballad &quot;Got Me Missing You.&quot;  But listen to the sleazy  funk of &quot;The Line&quot; and the acoustic revelation that is  &quot;Footsteps&quot; and it's clear that Lisa has reached yet another  artistic plateau.  Sadly, this album will never get the commercial  attention it deserves, but today's hard-edged divas that are selling so  many records on the strength of gimmick could take a lesson from a true and  unique vocal artist like Lisa.  To quote track two, this is the real thing."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VTP', u"Her third project of standards is also her strongest and most appealing.  Focusing on songs from the classic &quot;film noir&quot; era of movies,  Carly knows just when to make a song her own statement and when to play it  straight.  The dramatic &quot;You Won't Forget Me&quot; is given a  traditional arrangement, but she takes Cole Porter's chestnut &quot;Every  Time We Say Goodbye,&quot; almost always performed as a ballad, and turns  it into a 50's reminiscent, horn-laden gem with an insistent midtempo beat.  &quot;Spring Will Be a Little Late This Year,&quot; a duet with Jimmy  Webb, is given a jolt to its piano and vocal arrangement with a surprising  electric guitar solo.  &quot;Last Night When We Were Young&quot; offers a  perfect dose of sweet nostalgia, and Carly ingeniously weaves elements of  her moody ballad &quot;Haunting&quot; (from her 1978 album &quot;Boys in  the Trees&quot;) into the intro for the ultimate mood piece, Johnny  Mercer's &quot;Laura.&quot;  The project even inspired Carly to write her  own classic song, the brilliant title track that gives new meaning to the  escapism of the movies.  In the wake of so many pop trends and gimmicks,  it's refreshing to not only hear someone remember these classic songs, but  to breath new and inventive artistic life into them as well."))
(5.0, (u'0792151712', u"I think this movie will stand as the closest virtual way of being there  onboard the doomed Titanic, unless they close the theatre doors and start  filling the theatre with ice water...The tragedy is that the Academy  Awards people did not give Gloria Stuart an award. How many more times in  her career is she going to get another chance at one? It would have been a  no doubt brilliant way to end a career.Speaking of her, though now in  her character as the older Rose, WHY does she throw the necklace over the  side? A great loss, not only to her family's future inheritance, but such  an object should be in the Smitsonian or similar where it could be enjoyed  by the public. I thought this one of the weaker parts of the movie. One  other aside, I think Whitney Houston would have been a better choice to do  the soundtrack.But overall, it was well done, and Mr. Cameron deserves  the accolades he's received. Follow up your viewing with the transcripts of  the Titanic Disaster Hearings - adds the real-life dimension to the  cinematic experience.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003FO6', u"If this London revival of CAROUSEL had only had the brilliant stage and  set designs and the enthusiasm of the young cast, it would have been a  stunner but it is a revelation in for the first time casting a YOUNG Billy  and a YOUNG Julie.  For the first time the plot makes sense - these are  abused and confused youngsters grappling at love. The acting by Michael  Hayden and Joanna Riding in the leads is superb and their singing is full  of beauty and emotional insight.  This is the best interpretation of the  leading roles ever recorded - poignant and full of feeling.  Around them  musically there are some hits and some misses.  The CAROUSEL WALTZ is  reorchestrated, slightly cut and too subdued and leisurely for my  enjoyment.  Katrina Murphy as Carrie is wonderful in MR. SNOW, superbly  orchestrated by William Brohm and she and Ms. Riding fine in JULIE JORDAN.  IF I LOVED YOU is nothing short of extraordinary - musically and  dramatically.  Meg Johnson disappoints as Nettie in JUNE IS BUSTIN OUT ALL  OVER but the chorus is fine and this is the first recording of the dance  music following the number (total time: 5:12).  The MR. SNOW reprise is  mixed - Clive Rowe is totally miscast as Snow and overprojects and overacts  badly.  Murphy is fine in this and in WHEN THE CHILDREN ARE ASLEEP and Rowe  again disappoints.  BLOW HIGH is done well with Phil Daniels providing the  raspiest singing voice probably ever recorded.  Hayden again is wonderful  in the SOLILOQUY - acting full of joy, wonder and sensitivity.  A REAL NICE  CLAMBAKE is fine - again except for Rowe, who is only competent in  GERANIUMS IN THE WINDER (only the third time this number has been  recorded).  STONECUTTERS CUT IT ON STONE is well done but the women's  chorus reprise is not included. Ms. Riding does well with WHAT'S THE USE OF  WONDRIN which here includes the dramatic end scene of Act I - first  recording. YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE is not well done (again Meg Johnson) but  includes transitional dialogue that replaces the dropped song THE HIGHEST  JUDGE OF ALL.  LOUISE'S BALLET receives its first ever recording and it's  fabulously done - coming in at 11:48.  The sensitive IF I LOVED YOU  reprise is well done by Mr. Hayden and the FINALE is well acted and sung.  All in all a not perfect recording but considering the extraordinary lead  performances and the never before recorded dance music, this is a must own  album for all lovers of R&amp;H and the show itself.  Avoid the 1994  Broadway  incarnation of this production which is below par."))
(5.0, (u'B000000QFR', u"As a 28 year-old, I find myself caught between the &quot;heavy-Metal&quot;  age that gave up its crown to the young upstart &quot;alternative&quot;  style of music in the late 80's &amp; early 90's. It has been a long  process to find music today that appeals to me: I can't take much more of  classic rock, I've been listening to that for far too many years. I bought  the &quot;Bloodletting&quot; cd in 1990 after a friend in the military had  loaned it to me, and I loved it. Through the years I have bought the cd or  tape four times and lost it four times. I can say that the purchase of this  cd for the fifth time is money well spent. This album, in retrospect, tied  together that missing void between  &quot;metal&quot; and  &quot;alternative&quot; and keeps me on the look-out for similar sounds.  &quot;Bloodletting is worth the price and the five-star rating. If only  they could have held it together........."))
(5.0, (u'B000000QHZ', u"First of all, the film is one of the best movies I ever have seen. Cage  and Elisabeth Shue matches their role models perfect, and Cage got a well  deserved Oscar for his effort. Shue was also nominated but Susan Sarandon  recived the Oscar after excellent acting in &quot;Dead Man  Walking&quot;.Well lets move on to the music.As in a lot of  soundtracks it contains a mix of dialogues and songs.The songs are old  Jazz classics like &quot;Angel eys&quot;, &quot;My one and only love&quot;  and &quot;It's a lonesome old town&quot;. These are sung by Sting, and are  much better then Frank Sinatra and Joe Hendersons efforts.Another  classic, &quot;Come rain or come shine&quot; is performed by Don  Henly.Between the dialogues and songs, sad and sometimes dramatic jazz  improvisasions occur.If you feel sorry for yourself, listen to this  album, it's so sad and tragic, but still beautiful and warm."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UP9', u"This album is a classic.  I listen to it often.  All eight songs are  great.  The only negative thing I can say about it is that it is ONLY eight  songs.  This is the album where 'If Only You Knew' is from (worth buying  just for this).  She is so talented, she can sing anything.**************************I wrote the above eight years ago and I am still impressed with this album.  It's truly a soul classic.  Flawless, really.  There's not a bad moment on the album.  I can't think of another album I would say that about.  If you want to hear how it should be done, get this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GBJ', u"I purchased this way back in the late 60's as an lp record.  I imediately  fell in love with each of the &quot;songs&quot; on the record.  While I was  of the &quot;flower child&quot; generation, I would have been considered an  untra-conservative...but not when it came to this album.  I couldn't get  over what Wakeman could do with a synthesizer.  If you only purchase one  album, I mean CD, in your life as an example of synthesizer music...let it  be this one. I don't think you will be disappointed. I have just ordered  this CD to replace my scratchy, worn out lp!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002LJJ', u"It's all here. All Bryan Ferry's pet obsessions, word play and music that  inspires. The playing is terrific and, although Eno would be missed, its  clear that Ferry's songwriting was headed in more melodic directions that  would require a more capable keyboard player like Ed Jobson.&quot;The  Bogus Man&quot; is one of the strangest, trance inducing songs recorded.  Although it doesn't sound anything like it, it best recalls &quot;I put a  spell on you&quot; by Screaming Jay Hawkins. Don't ask me why.The slower  pieces create an overall mood in contrast to the harder rock songs(like  &quot;Do the Strand&quot;). If you don't like the mood, you probably won't  like the song, but, given a chance, it'll transport you mentally to a wide  variety of memories and sensations. A must have early Roxy album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BCZ', u"Usually live albums are duds and prove the artist is stalling for time  until their next studio album or has run out of ideas.  Neither apply here  (although Basia does take her time between discs!).  Basia On Broadway  captures her energy and enthusiasm without losing anything in the  translation.  I've seen her three times in concert and this captures it  perfectly; sans visuals natch!  The live versions don't stray too far from  the studio originals but have just enough spark, vitality and improvision  to keep them from becoming rote.  A good starting point for those new to  Basia and reminder to those who like her to make sure and see her on the  next tour!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002BS2', u"I just recently discovered the Indigo Girls, although I've seen them  around, but never gave them a chance.  Then a few months ago, I was  intrigued by their performance at Lilith Fair.  Now that I've snatched up  almost all of their cd's, I am totally captivated by their unique blend of  talent.  Emily is as soft as Amy is spirited, no other duo compliments each  other better than they do.  I have no favorite, I like them both equally.  The songs that stand out for me are Caramia and Shed your Skin, although I  also favor Burn all the Letters.  They rock! They are talented women who  should get more recognition than they do. If not for Lilith Fair, I may not  have had the pleasure of discovering them. This cd is more than worth the  money it costs, I've enjoyed it tremendously!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000HQK', u"Early 80s MTV viewers probably remember China Crisis best for the  &quot;Working With Fire and Steel&quot; video and others will remember them  from alternative radio.  China Crisis never really caught on stateside and  it's hard to understand why. China Crisis have a great ear for hooks and  catchy melodies; not too far off from Crowded House, later Roxy Music and  their oft-mentioned mentors Steely Dan.  Walter Becker (ex-Steely Dan)  produced a number of tracks from this collection along with Mike Thorne.  I  dare you not to enjoy any of these tracks...there's nary a dud in the lot  of them.  I was deep into China Crisis in the 80s and they're one of the  groups who I bothered to replace vinyl with CDs when that time came.  I  regularly listen to them still, which is a testament to how good they are  10 to 15 years on."))
(5.0, (u'B0000003US', u"Cherly Wheeler recorded this album in nashville on Capital Records way  back in 1990. This is a little more mainstream sounding then her later  efforts and contains many country hits. Suzy Boggoss has covered Aces,  Moonlight and Roses and Don't Wanna. This is also the home of her version  of I Know This Town (Bette Midler, Juice Newton). To my knowledge only 3 of  these songs have not been covered. This is a must have for anyone who loves  a great voice, great songs and folk or country music. Highlights include  her humerous look as Estate Sales, (going through dead peoples  houses...)and the homesick ballad Northern Girl. Do yourself a favor if you  have not heard her and get this album, and dont miss her in concert. Her  humor is outragous."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KJC', u"This album has a lot of very cool Cheech &amp; Chong routines on it. They are classics of the genre, and much funnier than some of the stuff that shows up in their films.My sister had it when she was in High School, and I used to borrow it. The vinyl album had a great pull out sleeve that showed all the hidden drugs in compartments in the VW Bug on the cover.I recommend it to anyone who enjoys this kind of humor, wants a blast from the past (70s style), or just wants to check out Cheech Marin before he went 'respectable' and straight (drug-wise). I can't wait to listen to it again, this time on CD."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062G8', u"I first heard Dan Byrn when he opened for Ani Difranco at the Palace  (Albany) last year.  I fell in love with his music.  His lyrics were too  bizarre to be true.  I tried to remember every word, but I couldn't.  I  bought his cd and was disappointed b/c the songs I loved most didn't appear  on it (not to say his first cd isn't awesome too...).  The thing is..they  DO on this new album.  It was worth the wait!  I don't want to say  &quot;witty,&quot; b/c that sounds cliche, but this CD is all that and  more!  I can't stop listening to it.  I can't reccommend it highly enough!  Really!  Go Dan!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000064Y1', u"I admit it... I didn't listen to rock&amp;roll as a kid.  My parents  didn't like it and I was too naive to rebel at that time (that came later).  My dad was a big Henry Mancini fan, and so I would play &quot;Peter  Gunn&quot; and the upbeat cuts from &quot;Hatari&quot; and &quot;Breakfast  at Tiffany's&quot; all the time (I would skip over the boring ballads, you  know, like &quot;Moon River&quot;).  &quot;Combo!&quot; was my favorite,  though.  It had one particular element that leapt out of the grooves and  shook me by my eight-year-old shoulders:  a jazz harpsichord. I thought  this was SO COOL. I took a lot of heat for preferring Henry Mancini in  those days... but I am absolutely convinced that my eclectic tastes these  days are a direct result of falling in love with music this creative,  subtle and beautifully crafted.  It's finally out on CD, and almost 40  years later it is still SO COOL.  The players include Art Pepper and Shelly  Manne -- and the harpsichordist is none other than John Williams! I also  want to emphasize that I don't look upon this album as some kind of  nostalgic bachelor-pad-lounge-retro-so-campy-it's-good experience... this  is a real jazz album, to my mind Mancini's best -- and I guarantee that if  you play it, SOMEBODY is going to say &quot;Who is THAT??&quot; Do check it  out.  This would be at the very top of my Desert Island list."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IJG', u"I have owned this album (on tape) for the past 8 years. I have four  daughters, the youngest two being almost four and two. When we get in the  car they both insist that Aretha Franklin's 30 greates hits be played.  Anything else is chopped liver.Each of the cuts is a classic, but in  particular the early hits from the 60's are unbelievable. Great  arrangements, incredible singing, and the most wonderful playing by a  diverse band of studio pros who are &quot;above and beyond&quot; in these  performances. Something I hadn't initially realized about these  performances is that the soulful and rich piano parts are played  by....ARETHA!Each of these cuts is marvelous, and the CD promises to be  even better. There is nothing better in recorded music than the first ten  songs on this CD, and though some of the later arrangements are not as  powerful, they belong on the CD as part of the history of Aretha's  development as an artist.I have grown to appreciate the later works  more--but of course, I listen to this album over and over. In fact, this  week the tape wore out, which brought me here to buy another. If there were  one CD you could listen to--and you couldn't listen to any other--I can  tell you from experience that this is the ONE!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000024PK', u"Naming this in Amazon's records as an &quot;original cast&quot; recording  is an error.  This was the studio cast recording of 1951 that was such a  hit it inspired a 1952 Broadway revival of this 1940 show.  This recording  features original cast member Vivienne Segal and KISS ME KATE co-star  Harold Lang, who both went on to star in the 1952 Broadway revival.  The  orchestrations are alternately lively, jazzy and lushly romantic.  The  sound is incredibly crisp and &quot;present&quot; - a masterpiece of sound  recording by Columbia.  Every number is a winner and a fine recording  achievement. Oddly enough the so called &quot;cast album&quot; of the 1952  revival for Capitol only features members of the supporting casts.  Dick  Beavers and Jane Froman fill in for Segal and Lang who were  &quot;unavailable&quot; for the cast recording.  No matter, the Capitol is  far inferior.  Froman sings beautifully and Beavers is acceptable but there  is no excitement and the recording is pedestrian.  Helen Gallagher is heard  vivaciously in a few numbers - she won the Tony for this performance.  The  only standout is Elaine Stritch's hilarious ZIP.  The CD pressing of the  Capitol cast album seems to have been discontinued."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NBY', u"From the title track: &quot;She comes back to tell me she's gone /  As if  I didn't know that /  As if I didn't know my own bed /  As if I never  noticed the way she brushed her hair from her forehead.&quot;  Nobody  writes pop lyrics like Paul Simon.  No one ever has before.  The album does  not contain one single false or misplaced note.  It could not be better.  It cannot be bettered.  From &quot;Gumboots:&quot;  I was walking down the  street  When I thought I heard a voice say /  Say, ain't we walking down  the same street together  On the very same day / I said hey Senorita that's  astute /  I said why don't we get together and call ourselves an institute  / You don't feel you could love me but I feel you could...&quot;  You  listen.  You shake your head.  You smile.  You think:  &quot;it must be  nice to be able to write.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000001A8C', u"Herein lies the essence of a young generation that dared to finally tell  why we've &quot;Got To Be There&quot;--and if not today then, &quot;Maybe  Tomorrow.&quot;  We remember matching our affections with songs that  brought out the hidden romantic within.  Subsequently, this poetry in song  is molded and etched in our hearts and minds. So, with a very young Micheal  singing--we had a good thing going. The songs in this Anthology restores  lost moments, refocuses blurred images and brings back those places that  slipped away over time.  As I think about it, some of us Never Can Say  Goodby.  If we do, we say goodbye to times that contributed to our very  beings.  As a result, the  appeal of Micheal's ANThology far exceeds  historic.  They connect us to a time of wonderment, learning, and  self-exploration.  These songs show our feelings, and echo the sentiments  of a once young and innocent love. And as most of us can recall...where  there is love--&quot;I'll Be There.&quot;  These are not just good, but  great songs. So, when the world is on my shoulders, and age 40 irritates me  (for a brief moment in time),  I remember these songs. They make me smile  as I recall the words of the hopeful youth saying, &quot;...we may not  change the world in one day, but we still can change something today in our  small way.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'6303101526', u'Have you ever encountered a TV  series which, from the first episode  on,  became an irreplaceable part of  your identity, moving you in ways  impossible to describe but felt  profoundly? FLAMBARDS was that  beautiful  a series. Set in the years  surrounding the First World War, the  story  depicts how Christina, a young  orphan sent to live with her cousins  and  uncle at a decaying country  estate, Flambards, comes of age amid  the  conflicts, passions, loyalties,  and tragedies which follow from her  new  life. Her uncle Russell,  wheelchair-bound for life due to a  fox-hunting  accident, compounds his  misfortune through heavy drinking by  the  fireplace, and takes his sole  pleasure in life from the vicarious  adventures in the hunting field  which his rugged son Mark shares  with  him. They are callous to their  servants, and cannot understand  anyone who  does not share their  absorption in the world of hunting,  hounds, and  endless leisure. Mark\'s  brother William could not be more  different.  Gentle, sympathetic to  the servants and the plight of their  class, and  passionately devoted to  the design, building and flying of  planes, he too  is injured while  engaging in the one sport he hates -  fox-hunting - and  must now walk with  a limp.  Christina, in her late teens  like  William, prefers his gentle  company, yet thrills to the  excitement of the  fox-hunt. And she  soon learns that her ample  inheritance, due when she is  twenty-one, has been earmarked for  the restoration of Flambards - and  that she is to marry Mark, who,  among other brutalities, has  provoked the  firing of Violet, the  kitchen maid, after making her  pregnant!  The  rest of the series portrays  the growing attraction of Christina  and  William, their escape from  Flambards into the world of the  early  aviators, and the disruptions  in their new life resulting from the  epic  slaughter of the First World  War. Everything in this series is  just  right: the casting of Christine  McKenna and Alan Parna by as  Christina and  William, the stirring  footage of restored early airplanes  in glorious  flight (set to the  haunting background music of David  Fanshawe, itself  worth the  eleven-and-a-half hours you\'ll spend  loving this series), the  tenderness  of the scenes where William and  Christina discover their love  for  each other, the portrayal of a  bygone age of English social life  help make FLAMBARDS a series with  something for everybody. But what  lifts  this series into the realm of  the extraordinary for me is its  unaffected  embodiment of human  goodness and innocence, of nobility  and the heroic,  and of how these  qualities can move us still, in a  time when we need them  more than  ever.  I\'ve seen dozens of TV shows  since I first caught  episode 6,  "Cold Light of Day," on PBS during a  collegiate  summer vacation almost  twenty years ago. None have found  their way as  close to my heart as  FLAMBARDS. I hope you agree. And I  wish you the very  best.'))
(5.0, (u'0792151712', u"Myself and my wife saw TITANIC on the big screen and both left feeling as  though we were actually transported back to 1912 and the disaster  itself.The underwater photography is superb and never before did I vere  expect to see the real wreck on screen like that! When the flashbacks came,  the period costume, sets of the ship's interior and the computer-generated  effects could not be faulted. Kate Winslett(and in a wet white dress) gave  the best performance, Leo diCaprio is OK, but Kate's my preference! The  special effects during the sinking sequence are out of this world. James  Cameron has directed many of my favourite movies, i.e. T2(special edition),  The Abyss(special edition) and Aliens(also the director's cut), but this  one ranks as his best by far as it takes him away from the much-plundered  sci-fi genre and into something totally different.  With the possible  exception of DEEP IMPACT, this is the best film of 1998, if not of all  time.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OE7', u"There are no words that describe the emotion and feeling this album  posesses. It is incredibly crafted. Freddie's voice is so powerful it makes  me cry to think it was recorded and the end of his life. Musical perfection  rarely happens. This is one of those cases. Listen to A Winter's Tale. The  final verse sends chills up my spine. This album was created with love and  is one of the last perfect albums made. Freddie Mercury in all his glory,  his power, and his wisdom, bares all his feelings on this record. Not to  mention Roger, John, and Brian as well. But it is clear this was for  Freddie. A final send off to the greatest vocalist and musician that ever  lived. God Bless you Queen, I will love you forever. No words can describe  what your music has done for me, and if this album is the end, then the  world couldn't have asked for a better one."))
(5.0, (u'B000009DHI', u"Trish is an old name in the Austin music scene.  After leaving her  brothers band, she hit the local bars, and then into the studio.  The  result is fantastic. This is probably the best record I've heard this year.  A long time fan of hers, I try to introduce as many friends of mine to her  CD. So far, all have been very impressed, and then ask where they can get a  copy.  Which until the national release, was only available in certain  parts of Texas.  Not quite country, folk, or pop, Trish blends all of the  above and more into her own sound -- one I promise you will enjoy!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H70', u"At the risk of being redundant, Disintegration is more an elegy of sound  than it is a conventional album.  With the innumerable layers of sound,  weaving of lyrics and chord structures, The Cure creates an environment  where the listener has no option, or desire, but to be immersed in raw  emotion.  I once had the &quot;audacity&quot; to compare the works of the  Cure to with the quality of other well known, but dead, composers.  My  choral director told me I had no place to compare &quot;that Smith  guy&quot; to Barber or Beethoven.  Maybe not, but I still think I was  right.  NOTE: Contrary to what has been written by other reviewers, you  CAN successfully listen to &quot;Mixed Up&quot; before listening to  &quot;Disintegration.&quot;  That's how I got my introduction to the Cure  some ten years ago, and I'm all the better for it (though Mixed Up really  is mediocre in comparison)."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HCO', u"In 1992 with the separation of the Icelandic indie group the  &quot;Sugarcubes&quot;, Iceland's pixie princess, Bj&ouml;rk Gumunsd&oacute;ttir,  decided to move to England and follow the growing music scene.  In 1993,  after about 10 years of writing songs in her spare time, Bj&ouml;rk compiled the  songs and released &quot;Debut&quot; in June of that year.  I had never  heard of Bj&ouml;rk until MTV featured her first solo hit &quot;Human  Behaviour&quot;.  I loved it.  I eventually got Debut and fell in love.  This album has everything - jazz, techno, indo-european influence, etc.  I  think Bj&ouml;rk began her solo career on a very high note with this album.  I've listened to it more times than I can count.  Although she improved two  years later with Post, then two years after that with Homogenic, Debut is a  wonderful experience.  I'd recommend this gem to anyone."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HGI', u"FEELS LIKE HOME is the perfect title for this excellent Linda Ronstadt  album.  After a rather overlong bypass with pit stops at Mexican Mariachi  music, Cuban rhythms and even sentimental lounge ballads, Ronstadt has  finally come back to what she does best...belting out pop tunes with a down  home, West coast feel.And belt she does, from &quot;The Waiting&quot; to  &quot;Walk On&quot;  and &quot;High Sierra&quot; (with a vocal quality  reminiscent of her huge success &quot;Blue Bayou&quot;), Ronstadt comes  full circle and returns to her full voice blast out of the water style that  is so recognizably hers.But she's grown too, that is what makes FEELS  LIKE HOME a hidden gem.  Sure, she belts, but she's been doing that since  &quot;You're No Good&quot;; but while before she was merely a girl yelling  at a cold hearted lover, now she is a woman, in full voice, crying for her  soul as well as her man.Special attention must be paid to the  luxurious, rich state of Ronstadt's voice on this album.  It's never been  better.  Her lung capacity seems to have only increased with age and her  ability to hit a huge range of notes with such richness is unparalleled by  any singer currently recording.  Her opera training and years of singing  experience have paid off handsomely.  You won't hear a bum or weak note on  this album.The material is all wonderful, and Emmylou Harris does some  backing vocal magic on &quot;High Sierra&quot; and blends with Ronstadt to  create a heavenly duo on &quot;Blue Train.&quot;Overall, a stunning  achievement and a wonderful showcase of Ronstadt's skills at their prime.  The title track is classic Randy Newman, interpreted magically."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HPV', u"I've been a Bj&ouml;rk fan since '96 and I've grown to love her more every  year.  When I heard that Homogenic was going to be released in September  '97 I was very anxious.  When I listened to it all the way through, I was  smiling and completely on cloud 9.  This is her best album.  All of the  songs represent a strong point in Bjork's career.  Some people say that  it's different and some non-Bj&ouml;rk fans thinks it's just plain weird.  For  me, I find Homogenic to be rewarding as an experimental album as well as a  very somber excursion into one's imagination.'Bachelorette' is by far  the most dramatic and exciting song on the album.  It's bold string  arrangements, with soaring melodies, give a movie soundtrack-like quality  not to be found in many other works.  'Joga', written for her friend, is a  very intense and personal song.  Every time the opening strings begin I get  a chill down my spine.  It is beautiful music as well as beautiful lyric  writing.  'Pluto' is the most 'techno' sounding song.  Her vocals,  distorted and overdriven, are a perfect blend with the uptempo 'dirty'  beat.  For those of you unfamiliar with those 'scratchy' and 'dirty'  sounding beats, the person responsible for those is Mark Bell of the  British techno group LFO.  Their signature sound is a real scratchy sound.  The song '5 Years' is pretty evident of that scratchiness.Overall, I  love Homogenic.  I've given it coutless spins in my CD player.  I think  that whatever Bj&ouml;rk does next (she says her next album is going to be even  more minimal than Homogenic) I hope she keeps up her lyric writing as well  as her creativity.  Homogenic, by blending classical and 'techno' together  comes off as a really daring, but enjoyable aural experience."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HUY', u"My review for this CD is mainly due to the fact that it holds one of my  personal favourite Cure songs &quot;It Used to be Me&quot;(and  &quot;Ocean&quot; is really good too, plus an alternate &quot;the  13th&quot;). Someone really ticked off Robert before they cut this one and  it shows. Bob sings about being stuck in a dead end relationship and  feeling striped of dignity and identity. And that he realizes how it  changes him.Man, when will people learn, if you wrong this boy, he's  just gonna turn around and write an angry song about you. gee. some  people.Anyway. I dig this song. It's pure Electricity. I even enjoy it  more than any song off of Wild Mood Swings. And I can't understand why it  isn't recorded on there. Or even on a soundtrack, or a compilation. Or  anywhere where more people can hear it.Darn it Robert. What's wrong  with you. I just can't figure you out.Right now he'll be writing a song  about me. An angry one."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VDL', u"I first heard this album in 1974 at the age of 8 and I still never tire of  the songs, stories and most importantly, the message.  I bought the CD for  my 3 year old niece.  I want her to be as well rounded as I feel I am.  I  want her to know society isn't always right - what is important is how she  feels about herself.  This album has certainly served its purpose for me  and hopefully it will continue for generations to come.  Marlo Thomas and  her friends created a wonderful birthday present for her niece and mine,  too!  I encourage everyone with or without children to buy this album (and  the book) and discover the message is one for all ages!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007NBB', u"I have listened to &quot;Paradise in Me&quot; by K's choice and had seen  them in concert and thought they were an ok band.  I recently came across  &quot;Cocoon Crash&quot; and bought it impulsively.  Surprisingly this  album is one of the best albums I own...I listen to it all of the time.  Brother and sister Sarah and Gert Bettens and the rest of the band serve up  melodies for every person...for every mood you might be in.  This album  definitely confirms K's choice as one of my all time favorite bands. BTW, I  got a a chance to meet K's choice at a show in DC and they are some of the  nicest people you'll ever meet...sincere and interesting."))
(5.0, (u'B0000047IZ', u"As a lover of music from the 60's and 70's, I found this CD to be a  lasting tribute to those artists whose musical talents unfortunately did  not take them to the recognition beyond the single hits they will always be  remembered for.  Who can ever forget the 60's without remembering the  summer of love's classic &quot;Reach out in the Darkness,&quot; or the 70's  without the summertime masterpiece &quot;Montego Bay?&quot; Artists such as  Friend and Lover and Booby Bloom might not be household names, but the  musical hits that they performed should bring back pleasant memories to the  children of that era.I highly recommend this CD to lovers of soft  rock.  The music contained here is soothing, relaxing, and will be a  pleasant trip down memory lane to many."))
(5.0, (u'B00000208F', u"A great deal of press has paid more attention than required to factors in  Mr. Gayle's life that engage the &quot;exoticism&quot; of the musician  rather than the music itself. Charles Gayle is the most definitive stylist  on his instrument in the mislabeled idiom of &quot;free jazz&quot; and he  is so not because of adverse conditions in his life, but in spite of those  conditions.  On this recording he is joined by musicians of equal stature,  drummer Sunny Murray and bassist William Parker. Murray is a veteran and  was one of the first percussionists to liberate the drums from their  traditional role as a &quot;time keeper.&quot; Parker is one  of the most  active and productive musicians in this music. His resume is impressive,  playing under the leadership of Cecil Taylor, Bill Dixon, Roscoe Mitchell,  etc. as well as heading his own formidable projects: In Order To Survive,  The Little Huey Creative Music Orchestra, etc... all of which are very much  worth checking out. On this recording the three musicians embark upon a  completely spontaneous and volitile collaboration before a live audience at  The Knitting Factory, of which I was fortunate enough to be a member. The  assemblage that these three men were able to accumulate was and is  astonishing. Gayle in particular demonstrates far more than technical  proficiency as a result of dauntless perseverence and spiritual dedication  to himself and his art. His improvisations are fierce, deliberate,  comitted, intelligent, tender, genuine and true. Too often do we neglect to  recognize greatness while it is in our midst. This recording gives us the  oppertunity to do differently."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MG0', u'I will always remember when I first heard Automatic For The People. I was a freshman in college and the record store in our little college town held a special midnight sale to celebrate the album\'s release. I was third in line. The doors opened. "Drive," the album\'s opening track, was playing over the store\'s stereo system so we all piled into the store with Michael Stipe purring "Hey kids, rock and roll..." over our heads. A buddy and I bought the album then went back to the dorm to absorb our favorite band\'s latest offering.We couldn\'t believe what we were hearing. R.E.M. had never made music this beautiful before. Michael Stipe had never written songs as heartfelt or as direct as "Everybody Hurts" or "Nightswimming" before. R.E.M.\'s music had always aimed for your head or your gut. These songs went straight to your soul.When the final few notes of "Find The River" faded into the corners of our room that night, my roommate, who wasn\'t much of an R.E.M. fan but listened along with us, finally said "That was really pretty." My buddy and I said nothing. We were literally speechless. At that moment, after one single listen, Automatic For The People instantly became not only my favorite R.E.M. album, but also my favorite album ever by anyone. It had a profound effect on me.Like Out of Time before it, Automatic is largely an acoustic album but its themes of life, death and the passage of time make the album a far more serious and focused effort. There\'s also this overwhelming feeling of loss -- the loss of a loved one, the loss of time, the loss of innocence. But as heavy and depressing as all of this sounds, the album isn\'t a downer at all. In fact, all of the songs here offer some glimmer of hope or something that brings a smile to your face -- like Michael\'s laugh on "Sidewinder" or his Elvis impersonation (or his impersonation of Andy Kaufman impersonating Elvis?) on "Man On The Moon." For an album about loss, it\'s actually a pretty hopeful album.I won\'t go over every song on the album, but the last four songs, to me, really capture the essence of Automatic. "Star Me Kitten" is the dark, weird, little love song on this dark, weird, little album and sounds like something from Twin Peaks. With its numerous pop culture references, "Man On The Moon" works as both a nostalgic look back and a look into the afterlife as Stipe looks up and playfully kids Andy Kaufman "Hey Andy, are you goofin\' on Elvis?" Another sweet nostalgic look back follows with the stunning "Nightswimming" and its gorgeous string arrangement, courtesy of Led Zeppelin\'s John Paul Jones. And, finally, the album concludes with the bittersweet "Find The River," as a wise Michael Stipe uses the flow of the river as a metaphor for the journey of life.I just can\'t say enough about Automatic For The People. If you don\'t own a copy, I urge you to get one as soon as humanly possible. These are songs to learn, to sing, and to hold close to your heart.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002BHX', u"I bought this CD on a spur of a moment. As soon as I got home I popped it  in the player. From &quot;Let It Rain&quot; on, I was hooked on the album.  Whenever I feel depressed, I just listen to &quot;Let It Rain,&quot; which  makes me imagine me standing out in the rain and knowing that things can  only get better. &quot;Siiting on Top of the World&quot; makes you feel  good no matter what &quot;Never seen a sky so blue . . . look at the sun  shining up in the sky . . . ain't no one luckier than you and I&quot;. Then  there's &quot;Trust Me (This is Love)&quot; and &quot;Birmingham&quot;.  They are songs of faith and overcoming obstacles.All her songs are  really good. Everybody needs to hear this album at least once in their  life."))
(5.0, (u'B0000031K5', u"The Honey Cone are a rarity.  A girl group with an aggressive, powerful  attitude, that can actually harmonize and sing with gusto and great power.  Each one of these 3 women could each carry their own weight on a solo LP if  necessary, but put them all together, combine the soulful, luxurious music  of Holland/Dozier/Holland's HOT WAX label with majestic string and horn  arrangements and what you get is pure honey..from the bee.A must have  for 70's r &amp; b afficionados or just anyone who appreciates strong  melodies, powerful female voices and fun lyrics.There is not a bad track  on this LP, but stand-outs are the very tongue-in-cheek &quot;Stick  Up&quot;, the shockingly sexual &quot;Want Ads&quot;, the effervescent  &quot;One Monkey Don't Stop No Show&quot;, a funky ode to the uncertainty  of love called &quot;Sitting On A Time Bomb&quot; and the poignant  &quot;Innocent Till Proven Guilty.&quot;Step aside Spice Girls...the  Honey Cone have TRUE GIRL POWER!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000032NB', u"I have heard NRBQ's name mentioned for years (they've been around for  thirty), but I hadn't given them a good listen until I bought this 2 cd set  on impulse. Conclusion: I've been cheating myself for years!  This  eclectic blend of rock, blues, rockabilly, and country has everything music  can offer. It's fun, but not simple by a long shot. All their songs are  well crafted. And the songs they didn't write they make their own with  arrangments no one could come up with in a million years. Even their lyrics  are clever. You can tell a lot of thought goes into their song writing.  Their music is foot-tapping fun that also appeals to your intelligence,  your heart, and your very soul. It's no mistake Keith Richards, Paul  McCartney, Elvis Costello, and Bonnie Raitt are on their fan list (Bonnie  Raitt covered a couple of their songs on her cd's) I'm not being paid to  say this. In fact, this is the first review I've ever written about any  artist anywhere. Their music makes you feel glad to be alive. What more can  I say?  They simply have to be heard to be believed."))
(5.0, (u'0790731894', u'This movie starts out just like so many of the &quot;save-the-world&quot;,  are a part there-of, &quot;from total destruction&quot; movies of this  type.  However, it immediately begins to vary from the norm.  First, Steven  Segal is killed not long after the movie begins.  This, of course, throws  the entire viewing audience for a loop; we were not expecting it.  All the  militaries well made plans for solving the problem go astray.  My thoughts  on the movie are that it is excellent.  The acting is above-the-average all  around. One of the best in this abused category.  The enhanced properties  of DVD only add to my enjoyment !!  END'))
(5.0, (u'0790733226', u"Sci-fi movies that actually provide you with issues for conversion after  the credits roll are few-and-far-between: Forbidden Planet; The Day the  Earth Stood Still; Colossus: The Forbin Project; 2001; just to name a few.  In this rarefied atmosphere belongs CONTACT.  The story by &quot;who wouda  thunk it&quot; Carl Sagon is very good.  Jodie Foster completely redeems  herself with regards to &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot;  The supporting  cast is excellent. Finally, a modern couple who actually discuss deep  topics on the wide-screen instead of just having sex!?!Query?  Why do  scientist always have to be &quot;driven&quot; in every sci-fi movie since  1980.  Can't they simply do what they do out of love for doing it - it must  be a Hollywood script requirement maybe.The condescending explanation of  what a prime number is could really have been left out.  Even Homer  Simpson, on valium with a Guiness Stout chaser, knows what a prime  is.Overall, this is one of the best science fiction movies to come  along, not perfect, but one of the best!!The DVD version is  magnificent!!!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000005HBB', u"Effortlessly blending pop, soul, and jazz, &quot;Don't Smoke in Bed&quot;  finds the Holly Cole Trio at the height of their powers.  &quot;Get Out of  Town&quot; and &quot;So and So&quot; are among the most swinging recordings  from Holly and company, and her renditions of the standard ballads  &quot;Blame it On My Youth&quot; and &quot;Don't Smoke in Bed&quot; are  simply exquisite.  But it's her musical excursions that shine the brightest  here: the jazzy soul of Sly and the Family Stone's &quot;Everyday Like a  Holiday,&quot; the stark pop balladry of &quot;Don't Let the Teardrops Rust  Your Shining Heart,&quot; and the incarnation of &quot;I Can See Clearly  Now&quot; into an earthy pop tune are nothing short of breathtaking.  And  for proof of Holly's interpretive skills and her gift for arranging, look  no further than &quot;Que Sera Sera,&quot; the corny song even Doris Day  herself couldn't stand, transformed here into a downright sexy blues  number.  Anyone who thinks the most talented singers write their own  material need to listen to &quot;Don't Smoke in Bed.&quot;  Holly proves  that a gifted artist doesn't always use a notebook and pen."))
(5.0, (u'B000005NAU', u"The Cantate de Santa Maria de Iquique written and composed by Chilean Luis  Advis and performed by the exiled Chilean band Quilapayun is one of the  most stunning works to ever come out of Chile.  This is a masterpiece that  leaves you in a state of such emotion that you can't help but listen to it  over and over.  Inspired by the murder of 3600 workers by the military in  the town of Iquique, Chile in 1907, this work is a musical statement of the  injustices and hardships faced by workers world-wide and remains a potent,  inspiring and passionate force to this day.  This is not a CD that you will  easily forget, but one that will touch your heart and leave you gasping for  breath."))
(5.0, (u'0792151712', u"O.k., there has been quite alot of hubbub about Titanic.  We all know  that.  With it's massive budget, huge scale sets, and costume and prop  budget that could supply all of Chicago for a year, I found it to be the  most detailed and beautifully filmed movie I have ever seen.  Barring the  fact that the story is fiction (hey, who knows?......), the drama and  intensity are mirrored by the technical and digital effects that are just  as beautiful.  How 'bout the shots with the ship in the open ocean? - all  computer generated.  New software had to be written just to accomodate that  effect.  Or how 'bout the shot where the actual ship, 12,500 feet down,  blends smoothly with the recreated set?  James Cameron and his Digital  Domain team have outdone themselves; even surpassing the fabulous effects  in &quot;True Lies&quot;.  People like Titanic specialist Ken Marschal was  on hand during filming to be sure that accuracy was in top form.  After  seeing the movie twice, those details, in my opinion, are perfect.There are those who say the movie is 'cheesy' or even 'plastic'.  That's  always a matter of opinion.  Remember that James Cameron wrote the  screenplay himself and took out about 2 hours worth of extra footage in the  final print.  The movie is set to be re-released in December at its full 5  and a half hour running time.  That's where the $200 million budget comes  from.Anyway, I think the experience of seeing this movie will be even  greater by viewing it in the widescreen format.  Shot in 70mm format, the  only way to view Titanic IS in widescreen.  Pan and Scan (or Standard  Format) will only diminish what James Cameron invisioned when he began  plans in 1996 for a movie about the sinking of the Titanic.  I loved it in  the theatre and I will surely love it on video.  A definite 5 star movie.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000HRU', u"Of all my Brand X vinyl, this album is my favorite.  For those of you to  whom the notion of former Genesis tub-thumper Phil Collins playing jazz  fusion makes you go &quot;hmmm...&quot;, play this and believe.  I have  post-Gabriel Genesis and solo Collins projects that collect dust, but Brand  X, which also includes the talents of the amazing bassist Percy Jones (who  has been an influence on many of the modern artists I enjoy), still sounds  fresh.  It holds its own against any of the best of the 70's fusion  artists.  Too bad Phil doesn't do interesting stuff like this anymore."))
(5.0, (u'B000003G4G', u"Wow! I just love the sounds of the drums and trumpets playing. It was  played so well you just feel small in a giant world; which is just the  feeling you get after first viewing those gigantic alien ships positioning  themselves over the large cities. Just like James Horner's score for Apollo  13, this CD is extremely patriotic. This is one of the few soundtracks I  have where I enjoy EVERY single piece of music in it. My only gripe with  this soundtrack is that the listing of the songs are only on the CD! Not  the cover! So there's basically no way of knowing what was playing unless  you write it down. Oh well.. the music more than makes up for that. Highly  Recommended!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007SR8', u"I bought this CD mostly for &quot;I don't want to miss a thing&quot; and  for &quot;Remember Me&quot; (Journey), but there's a whole bunch of other  stuff on there I really enjoyed listening to! I believe this CD has a  little something for everyone, but people going after the original score  from Armageddon will be disappointed in this album. Kind of like how people  got mad because the &quot;Titanic&quot; soundtrack didn't have the Celtic  music on it. (I SURE WAS MAD!!!!!! :)  ) All in all, I loved it!! I got my  family and my fiance to listen to it,and they loved it!!! But here's a  question, am I the only one who liked &quot;Remember Me&quot;? I thought  that was a great song!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006HD8', u"I own the first Storm CD and LOVE it!  So I was thrilled to get Eye Of The  Storm...and I wasn't disappointed!!!  I got interested in The Storm because  it included Journey members. (I have always been partial to earlier Journey  music with Gregg R. and Steve P. together.)  But this band stands on it's  own!  I like the mix of songs on this cd.  The lyrics and the feel of the  music make me feel good!  I bought the import about 2 years ago. It usually  takes three or four listens to a whole CD before I decide if I like it or  not.  This one took just one!!  And it's still one of the regulars in my CD  player.  It stands the test of time!  Ron Wikso had big shoes to fill,  replacing Steve Smith.  But he was the perfect choice.  When's the next CD?  I'm ready!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006NWW', u"Top to bottom, one of the best CD's I have ever purchased. Like everyone  else I purchased this CD because of &quot;I Do&quot; and &quot; Don't Laugh  at Me&quot; but little did I know that the title song &quot;Wish You Were  Here&quot; would send chills down my spine. One beautiful song and Mark  pays tribute to it with an excellant effort. I highly recommend this CD be  a part of every country music lovers collection. I will send a copy to a  friend and I know he will love it. They call Vern Gosdin &quot;the  voice&quot;, but on this particular effort he has nothing on Mark Wills.  Just can't say enough about this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000009QOR', u"This album is great.  I got it the first day it was out.  I've listened to  it about 20 times allready and I love it.  I can't compare it to the other  two albums because it's not the same as the others.  It still has the  classic choas with cool guitar riffs and steady bass lines of Korn but it's  new and refreshing.  The guest appearences give Korn new life, just as how  Chino gave Korn a new twist on Peachy.  The song with Fred Durst is not  only phat but hilarious and even though I normally hate rap, I love the  song Children of the Korn with Ice Cube.  This album is great."))
(5.0, (u'0783225725', u"&quot;High Plains Drifter&quot; (1973) is one of the best and most  original westerns of all time.  It is also of of the best films that Clint  Eastwood has ever made.  It was only the second film that Eastwood ever  directed, yet it is a western masterpiece, as it funnels all of the  violent, harsh, and brutal images and themes that were first seen in the  Sergio Leone spaghetti westerns (which made Eastwood an international star)  into one picture.  No other film blurrs the lines of good and evil like  this one. No other film has humor that is so dark and so black.  No other  film tests and re-defines the nature of screen heroism, as Eastwood plays  his darkest and most enigmatic character ever.  This film strips the  western to its most brutal, raw, violent, and merciless essence, revealing  the old West to be a truly immoral and corrupt land.  Eastwood's  compulsive, surrealistic imagery is both haunting and powerful, and it  works in pefect tandem with Dee Barton's eerie score.  Filmed around Mono  Lake, California, the hellish locations of the film add to its haunting  atmosphere.  The western town, constructed by Henry Bumstead out of raw  wood is a classic, and helps to reveal the mean-spirited hypocrisy and  vicious economic determinism of the townspeople.  The film has an  unexpected, spontaneous, and completely anarchic quality that eliminates  the western's typical predictablity and simple cliches.  It is extremely  challenging, unnerving, apparitional, allegorical, and curiously memorable.  This is Clint Eastwood at his most daring and outrageous, as both an actor  and director, testing the audience to see if it will support this most  radical of anti-heroes.  &quot;High Plains Drifter&quot; is my favorite  film of all time, and it is not to be missed!  END"))
(5.0, (u'6301969588', u"The story is simple as was noted by another viewer, but this movie doesn't  need anything more. It is the chance to see some of history's famous  sideshow &quot;freaks&quot;, though I would just call them physically  different. Featured are the beautiful sisters who are joined at the hip  (&quot;siamese twins&quot;); the amazing and arresting Johnny Eck--who has  no legs but who gracefully runs around on his hands and is outgoing and  quite handsome; the trio of &quot;pinheads,&quot; who were displayed as  &quot;sisters&quot; although they were boys in dresses--they were mentally  disabled and not actually related; the &quot;human torso&quot; who had no  arms or legs but was quite happy enough and could move around by inching  himself along on a surface; a bearded lady, a giant, a super skinny guy, a  fat lady, and &quot;miniature&quot; folks as well. (I may have missed a  couple!) Such a group of people could never be seen today and it wasn't  long after this movie was made that sideshows (specifically: showing off  physically different people for a profit) were made illegal. The sad thing  is these people were able to make a decent living from sideshows and the  people in it were all a tight-knit family--taking away the sideshow meant  the loss of any ability to make money for the majority of these folks, and  it desolved the sideshow families. Most people don't realize that the  majority of the stars of side shows worked there by their own  CHOICE!&quot;Freaks&quot; is a very special film and shows many very  special people. I only hope that viewers will appreciate how unique and  individually wonderful each of these people were. I don't think we will  ever see such a group of people like this in one setting ever again. The  director didn't make fun of any of the people and showed them for what they  were: folks just like you and me, except for being physically different.  (Excluding the very happy, but truthfully mentally disabled  &quot;pinheads.&quot;)It's a great movie!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UB2', u"Although I liked just about every album the Beatles ever recorded, Abbey Road has always been my personal favorite. Being the last album the Beatles ever recorded, it was the consummate musical production marking the end of a brilliant musical career for the Fab Four.John Lennon's contributions of &quot;Come Together&quot;, &quot;Mean Mr. Mustard&quot;, &quot;Polythene Pam&quot; and the heavily blues influenced &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy)&quot; reveal Lennon's unique writing style which established him as the rock writing genius of the 60's musical era.Paul McCartney shines on this album with &quot;Oh Darling&quot;, &quot;She Came In Through The Bathroom Window&quot;, and his beautiful &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot;, laced with chiming guitar arpeggios, is one of my personal favorites.George Harrison contributed with what many consider to be the two best songs on the album, &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot;, the latter containing a beautifully high-capoed acoustic guitar that rings indelibly in the mind of all who listen.Abbey Road will stand the test of time and will remain as a classical piece of music thoughout the centuries. In an ironic way, it is almost fitting that the Beatles disbanded after Abbey Road; because I do not think that any musical group, even the Beatles themselves, could have topped this one."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UCE', u"Plastic Ono Band was a deadend. A great album,but still a dead end. It's  been said that IMAGINE was a retreat. Actually, it was a progression.  Lennon found a way to combine the raw emotionalism of POB with his  sentiment; his anger with his tenderness.&quot;Jealous  Guy&quot;(originally a contender for the white album under the title  &quot;Child of Nature&quot; is one of the most sublime melodies Lennon has  ever written and every bit as emotionally honest and naked as any song on  POB. Lennon later dismissed IMAGINE as POB with sugar coating. It's much  more than that--it is the vision of a man looking forward to the future and  less on the pain of the past.MIND GAMES and WALLS AND BRIDGES would  reconfigure and rework much of this album(and, in the process, reducing its  critical status)in less compelling ways. Although both those albums have  their moments(particularly the MIND GAMES album), it is clear that after  IMAGINE Lennon was treading water until the next big development appeared  in the form of DOUBLE FANTASY.Other reviewers have missed the maturity  of the album and the emotional complexity of this work. POB was Lennon's  missed adolescence. IMAGINE is the work of an adult--a contradicition in  rock music at the time--and all the better for it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UWM', u"This CD has something for every  mood, from High Hopes to One for my  Baby.  I am always amazed at the new  things I hear each time I play  Sinatra: it's good to know that I'm  still growing and maturing and I  tend  to realize it more in Frank's  company than at any other time. This  is the  sort of CD you can just  leave on continuously; hit the random  button and  just let that voice fill  all the corners of your home.  You'll find  yourself singing along  to songs you don't really know (but  are so  familiar that they are like  involuntary muscle movement -  you  don't  think, the words just come to  you, and out of you.)"))
(5.0, (u'B000007NCL', u"Critics, take a leap. Everybody, buy this CD right now. The music has  never been better than this.  Free of the dark spell of the past 30 years,  Brian has proven once again why any ten people combined have never been his  equal.  The best album since Pet Sounds (but one that needs no such  comparison to stand on its own).  Great voice, great arrangements, great  orchestration. Brian's life and music are an inspiration to all of us.  I'm  listening to it again right now and can't resist grabbing my guitar to play  along with Dream Angel.  How in the world does he do it? Brian, please  don't wait so long for the next one."))
(5.0, (u'B000007OHY', u"You will hear instruments and vocals that you never heard before; the  clarity of this mastering is much better than the &quot;woofy&quot;,  &quot;muffled&quot; original CD release, although many Broadway Cast  recordings leave a lot to be desired.The added material in the MONTAGE  segment is not limited to the one track marked with the (*).  We now get to  hear Connie's &quot;Four-foot ten&quot; bit, Judy's &quot;That's why I  shaved her head&quot; bit and Greg's riotous &quot;I'd be hard!&quot;  schtick where he talks about how he found out he was gay.There is still  a great deal missing from the score: the full &quot;Opening - I Hope I Get  It&quot;, the song &quot;...And...&quot;, the &quot;Tap Combination&quot;  and the full &quot;Montage&quot;.  (Oh, the days of trying to fit things on  vinyl!)  Perhaps someday someone will do a great studio version of the  complete score and we'll get to hear the whole thing.  Too bad the movie  version sucked so bad and veered so far from the original score.  What were  they thinking?(Michael Bennett said that the song &quot;Sing!&quot;  never really worked for him.  He had a fabulous idea for the movie called,  &quot;A Chorus Line 2&quot; in which everyone from all the stage plays were  auditioning for the movie version so that the seven or so Cassies and Marks  and Pauls were all vying for the movie roles.  We'd get to see various  interpretations of the same characters.  Unfortunately, Hollywood was not  ready for Michael Bennett and he got out of his contract and headed back to  New York.)If you're a fan, buy this disc.  It will help you live your  Chorus Line experience anew - and it'll sound a lot better, too!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007OSU', u"Excellent production value and incredible musicianship take these swingin'  undertakers to the top of the class. Best defined as &quot;macabre surf  music&quot;, &quot;A Haunting We Will Go-Go&quot; hearkens back to days  past, away that is, when a groove-ghoul could listen to haunting organs,  savage beats and wet, other-worldly  guitars on the FM instead of Alanis  Morrissette. Dr. Lehos burns the strings with such finesse and accuracy  that you become quite sure that he has sold his soul in exchange for the  ability. The Baron's almost hypnotic surf beats make you start to wonder if  you have slipped into the great beyond yourself, until the lights come back  on. And who's the scariest groove-master of them all who keeps it all in  time with absolute precision? Yes it's Sir Go-Go Ghostly. These men are not  human. Be afraid. Be very afraid. The debut album from these grave-diggers  is by far the best in the genre and an indication that they are here to  stay. Or take as many souls as they can before returning to their  comfy-crypt. Tracks to pay attention to (all of them) are the homage to the  Haunted Mansion theme (Ghastly Stomp) and the nod to the Munster's theme  (Diablo's theme). So run fast, run far little ones and buy every copy of  this record you can find so you can sell it to your friends for 3 times as  much when it's out of print...Plan 9 from outerspace"))
(5.0, (u'B000007P6K', u"Tricky kicks the record industry's butt.  Even as an avid Tricky fan, I  still find myself amazed at every new record being more cutting edge and  innovative than the last.  The new album is more rock than anything that  has been done in the past, and even edges into a variable industrial sector  a couple of times.  Old Tricky fans will need to get used to it because  Tricky is definitely an acquired taste, but the funny thing is the more you  listen, the more you become addicted.  Music fans either instantly marvel  from curiosity or are close-minded and instantly hate it and go back to  their radio friendly pop garbage."))
(5.0, (u'B0000048DP', u"Folks, if you're interested in a beautiful, emotional album, where you  actually FEEL something, where the unusual, pleasing melodies transport you  to strange and wonderful places, where your love for it grows with each new  playing, then please pick up this one by K. McCarty &amp; Daniel Johnston.I liked it on the first day, fell in love with it on the second, and on  the third I couldn't wait to get home from work so that I could WORSHIP  it.This is one of my all-time favorite CD's, period.If you are a big  Daniel Johnston fan like me, then you MUST (there is no debate) own this  CD!  K. McCarty has done a beautiful job of complimenting &quot;Uncle&quot;  Danny's music, making it sound much better but keeping all of the innocent  emotion to it.  And look for the SUPER CUTE photograph in the liner notes  -- I don't want to ruin the surprise by telling you what it is."))
(5.0, (u'B0000058MO', u'Ani Difranco became one of our greatest living musicians with this album.  Her ability to show every side of relationships, especially the  disappointing side, is revealed in one beautiful meditation after another.  It is those soft folk songs that make the album so moving: &quot;Hell  Yeah&quot;, &quot;Overlap&quot;, &quot;You Had Time&quot;, and  &quot;Falling Is Like This&quot;. The uptempo songs are fun, if slightly  annoying (&quot;Face Up And Sing&quot;). And finally, Ani synthesizes her  societal concerns and personal angst perfectly in the title track. There  are a few cranky throwaways (&quot;The Diner&quot;, &quot;If He Tries  Anything&quot;) but &quot;Out Of Range&quot; is an absolute classic.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000058MU', u"Ok...so, I bought this CD because I'm an Ani Difranco fan...not because I  had ever really heard of Utah Phillips...and, I really had no clue what it  would be like. Didn't know it would just be stories put to music..and, when  I found that out, I was a lil' upset. Then, I put the disc in the CD  player..and, boy did my mind change.  The background music that Ani does is  just fabulous, and the stories are some of the most important words I've  ever heard.  You can get so much out of this single CD, it's amazing.  Utah  is like that wise grandpa you always wish you had...who could tell you a  story for every situation and it'd make more sense than anything in the  world. Anyway, this CD is for everyone...whether you're just in the mood to  hear some kick-ass music...or you're needing some inspirational words.  Ani  was ingenious to think of this...and, I thank her for introducing me to a  very wise man with a lot to say."))
(5.0, (u'B0000058MY', u"I had heard that Ani was a fem-pop and guys didn't like her stuff.  Well,  I had to give it a try, and I am so glad I did.  This is just a fun album  to listen too.  At the same time, she has these great lyrics that just make  sense.  &quot;Fuel&quot; is my favorite...Just read the words, and it is a  great poem.  But Ani has this magnificent voice that couldn't fit her songs  any better.  I love how she uses it in &quot;As Is&quot;.  She makes me  fall in love with her instantly.  And I am just an absolutely normal 25  year old guy, married, with a little girl, in the Middle of Ohio.  I want  all of her albums!  I already bought tickets to her concert in Cleveland in  September (my wife almost killed me) and I will tell the world she is worth  every penny I spent on her album.  This album is already in my top 5 of all  time, with others like &quot;August and Everything After&quot; by the  Counting Crows, and &quot;The Trinity Session&quot; by the Cowboy Junkies.  Way to go, Ani.  You've got a new fan, one for life."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ALT', u'I am an inner city girl. I have never seen the musical live, yet. But on a trip from Mass to Conn. my friend made me listen to her tapes. I decided this &quot;RENT&quot; shi_ was corny but 2 hours later I was in tears. This is the most incredible story I have ever heard. I came home on Sunday and went straight to the record store and paid an outrageous amount for it !  &quot;Light my Candle&quot; hit me the hardest, my best friend is a junkie.  This musical will make you take a look around you and see life for what it is, short.I will be travelling to N.Y.soon to see it and I am counting the days...'))
(5.0, (u'B000005AM7', u"Dr. Octagon is the most unique hip-hop (trip-hop) album to come out . . .  ever.  The sick, twisted lyrics do tend to upset some people, but remember  that there is an instrumental version of the album.  That says something by  itself -- what other rap album could stand alone on solely the background  beats?  &quot;Blue Flowers&quot;, &quot;3000&quot;, &quot;Dr.  Octagon&quot;, and &quot;Girl, Let Me Touch You&quot; stand out, but almost  all the tracks are excellent.  The only real tragedy is that the Dreamworks  re-release cut out two or three wonderful tracks, and changed a few others.  Buy this album, and if you aren't a prude, get Kool Keith's &quot;Sex  Style&quot; album too."))
(5.0, (u'B000005B0U', u"I just finished watching the movie Blues Brothers 2000, and have the CD as  well. WOW! The movie brought tears to my eyes seeing the FABULOUS Aretha  back, and Wilson Pickett and gang performing to a hilarious 634-5789!! And  what about Sam Moore and the Godfather?!?! The soundtrack is great and not  a disappointment at all for Blues Brothers fans. Sure, it's like any  &quot;greatest hits&quot; type thing -- many of the songs you'd love to  hear aren't there, but the ones that are there are fabulous!Thank you,  Dan, for bringing this to us again.I'm sure those you dedicated this effort  to (Belushi, Calloway and Candy) would highly approve...and do. I could  tell that the muscians themselves were having a blast, and that's certainly  good enough for me! Thank you, thank you, thank you! I love my children (5  &amp; 8) growing up listening to this music.Jimmie Vaughn, Lou Rawls,  Issac Hayes, Billy Preston, Grover Washington, Jr., Travis Tritt????  Alongside B.B. King, Bo Diddley, Dr. John, Koko Taylor, and on and on. It's  too much, really toooooooo much!! Who'dve thought!BOTH video and audio  cd are a MUST!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005H54', u"A list of Jazz Messengers alumni reads like a jazz Hall of Fame; Wynton  Marsalis played With Art Blakey's group in 1980. In the Messengers' 35+  years of existence, this is arguably its finest incarnation and their most  exciting album. Saxophonist Wayne Shorter, trumpeter Freddie Hubbard,  trombonist Curtis Fuller, and Pianist Cedar Walton provide both distinctive  compositions and emotional solos. Since the group has three horns, the two  who aren't soloing are playing as an ensemble in the background giving the  group a small 'big band' feel. Drummer Art never takes a self-indulgent  solo; he is a solid, consistent presence. What sets this collection apart  from others is the music. Each selection stands alone as a superior piece  of writing that has been covered many times since this release. This  recording was made in 1963 just before the individuals set out on their own  respective roads."))
(5.0, (u'B000000W6F', u"In all fairness though, this is still an excellent accomplishment from  Billy Corgan and company. Yes, it is more guitar heavy than Siamese Dream,  Mellon Collie, or Adore (Pisces Iscariot I didn't include because that  covers all of the b-sides from Gish and Siamese Dream, therefore it isn't a  good album to be used as a measure), but consider that all of their live  shows are just like Gish in their raw guitar power, and when Gish was  recorded the Smashing Pumpkins were still a relatively new band who only  had experience on stage, not in the recording studio. I Am One, Siva, Bury  Me, and Tristessa will get your speakers booming with their grinding  rythms, while Suffer and Daydream seem to around the room on a wave of soft  melodies. One cannot count out Rhinoceros though, for this one song  captures the best of both types of SP songs. So, to pumpkins fans new and  old who don't have this album, buy it for it's sheer artistry at a time  when Nirvana and the &quot;grunge&quot; sound ruled the airwaves, but more  so, buy it because it still stands out as a great accomplishment from the  Smashing Pumpkins"))
(5.0, (u'B0000014N5', u"It is amazing to me that a jazz vocal virtuoso like Andy Bey can say on  the liner notes to this CD, &quot;I just want to be heard.&quot;How old  is Bey?  Fifty-five?  Sixty?  Whatever his age, Bey's extraordinary range  and the liquid quality of his voice are as satisfying as I remember them  from 30 years ago.  If there's a difference, it's this:The Andy Bey of  Andy and the Bey Sisters (he began as the brother in a brother-and-sister  group) was celebrated for his vocal pyrotechnics, in some sense the same  way Bobby McFerrin is.  Today's Andy Bey relies less on the manipulation of  his vocal instrument and much more on his ability to live inside a  song--for me, most notably on &quot;If You Could See Me Now,&quot; on this  CD.If there's a 'but,' it's a small one:  Bey tends to a breathy  phrasing as he ends a line--a perfectly reasonable effect, but one he  relies on too much, as least for this listener.  As I said, a small 'but.'  Buy this CD now!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001YCL', u"A TOI came together for a jam sesson at the gathering this is a live mix of the session its not rehearsed but still has some interesting moments that demonstrate the spontinaety lacking in so many prerecorded live dat shows that electronic music has become the ritual performances of this thing are more about transforming the terms music musician music industry etc to a deeper level some say satan is in charge of the music industry and that all professional musicians are signing a contract with the devil when they become a professional musician,but the gnostics believe that the world IS a contract so everyone is under the influence of the dark forces which permeate the money they get for thier work is money the root of all evil or is evil really good in disquise? back to the a toi intent play with it in YOUR IMAGI NATION there were people there on ILLEGAL DRUGS and they were dancing (and some were even having sex) then they wandered into this &quot;chillbient room&quot;TEMPLE AMBIENT a phrase coined by seofon in 1992's IMAGINATION event in san francisco ca.which was later echoed in mixmaster morris and BRIAN ENO's ears A:TMOSPHERIC T:RANCEING O:UTWARD I:NITIATIONS ATOI means nothing or everything use your imagination and create your own SCENE which is what A TOI does this &quot;muse-ic&quot;has no label but for the record the memory of the band roxy music aand eno's break with them then his work with DAVID BOWIE (english king of rock-literally)BILL NELSON (the truebad- door)robert fripp KING CRIMSON AND OF COURSE PINK FLOYD and u get thee idea not to forget THROBBING GRISLE\\psychic tv so the memory goes on what do you remember is there really art in music? DOES THE LIVE FOODISTS HAVE A PRAY IN A COOKED WORLD?  is raw the law?"))
(5.0, (u'B00000235G', u"Sick, sick, sick.  That's the best way to describe this album, which opens with a clip from &quot;Dolemite&quot; (&quot;Damn!  Looks like my women is on time!&quot;).  Nearly all the tracks are explicitly about sex -- &lt;weird&gt; sex.  However, I would like to point out that not once does Keith use the word &quot;bitch&quot; to describe women. An ex-pornstar himself, he talks about the act, but degrades himself as much as anyone else.  In addition, the production by Kutmasta Kurt is totally original and beautiful.  Added to dub bass and sleigh bells are samples straight from pornos. And yes, that's Keith playing the bass himself."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025HU', u"Even though I am from the era when this album was relesed, I did not  purchase it until about ten years after its release date.  It has cost me a  lot of money, as I have purchased many Clash CD's and other CD'd by groups  recommended via the &quot;if you liked London Calling you will love  this&quot; route.  As I have found, even the other Clash CD's have fell  well short of London Calling.  In fact,  if I were only to be allowed 5 or  10 CD's to take to a desert island (out of the 300 I own and listen to)  this would be one of them, and probably the only one from the  punk/alternative music grouping.  It is an album to listen to hundreds of  times, and listen to some more.  I only wish I had a couple more albums I  could feel this passionate about.  Doesn't everyone?"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GAL', u"It's truly a compliment that the best-known tune on this CD, the hit  &quot;Is She Really Going Out With Him?&quot; is probably the weakest on  the CD. While this would be considered apostasy by Joe Jackson fans (and  I'm one), it's more a testament to the strength of this CD.  From the  opener &quot;One More Time&quot; (great tune--I taped it and sent it to a  girlfriend when she dumped me once--surprisingly, she didn't get back with  me) and other greats such as &quot;Sunday Papers,&quot; &quot;Look  Sharp!&quot; and &quot;Pretty Girls&quot; (here's a lyric for ya--&quot;God  if you're up there/listen to my prayer/if you for man should have a  different design.  Give him a switch so he can turn off his libido now/Give  him a tranquilizer built into his mind&quot;), it's as good a primer  of  new-wave that will ever be found.  Although the popular practice at the  time was to lump Jackson, Graham Parker and Elvis Costello in the same  category, Jackson quickly branched out and showed his own style.  Jackson  never matched the power and angst shown in this release, although he had  strong releases up until his 1986 release &quot;Big World.&quot;  If you  don't own this CD, buy it NOW!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GAP', u"Head East was one of the most under appreciated rock groups of the 70s.  The fact that they were from the midwest probably had a lot to do with it.  Also, they didn't have any gimmicks - no make-up, no smashing instruments,  no politically correct lyrics - they simply rocked.This cd is a classic  on the strength of &quot;Never Been Any Reason.&quot;  However, it's got  some other cuts well worth listening to over and over.  &quot;City of  Gold/Fly By Night Lady&quot; features terrific interplay between John  Schlitt's vocals and Michael Sommerville's guitar licks, and then builds to  a powerful rocking tempo flavored with crisp skin-tingling  harmonies.When Head East cranks up the blues-flavored music they are at  their best.  This is evident on &quot;Lovin' me along.&quot;  Oddly,  though, their most popular songs are those with the heaviest keyboard  mixes.  Some times you must get past those keyboards and listen to the  guitar riffs.Though well worth the investment in time and money,  unfortunately &quot;Pancake&quot; is easily the group's second best album.  It's unfortunate because &quot;Get Yourself Up&quot; is not available on  cd.  My poor vinyl copy started to get worn out many, many years ago.  I  had to copy it to cassette (several times).  What a treat it would be to  hear those songs with the clarity of a cd - or, at least, the clarity of a  new record!"))
(5.0, (u'0780622545', u"Mixing elements of film noir with bits of allegory, mythology and religion  thrown in for good measure, &quot;Dark City&quot; is one of the most  original and amazing sci-fi films to come out in the last thirty years. It  is a film that is destined to grow through closed circles until it reaches  the level of a classic. Some films transcend their meager box office totals  to live long lives on video shelves and TV: this is one of those  films.In the beginning, a man wakes in a bathtub. Naked. He has no idea  how he got there. In fact, he has no memory at all. He has trouble keeping  his balance, like a newborn fawn. It's as if he's forgotten how to walk. In  the mirror: there is a thin trickle of blood beading on his forehead. Is it  his own? The lamp swings from the ceiling, creating shadows that move and  leap, lunge and dive. But he never touched it. Never mind. He steps into  the next room and dresses. A suitcase, initials: KH. His? No wallet, no ID.  A phone call. A strange voice. Men are coming to his apartment for him. He  must leave, now! He drops the phone, because now he can see the dead body  on the floor....This is the opening scene; it's one you'll never forget.  I'd tell you more about the movie, of what it's about, but you'll enjoy it  so much more if you discover it for yourself. Watch this movie: you won't  regret it.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6304099037', u"The best movie is Tenchi Muyo in Love. To sum up quickly. Tenchi Masaki is the heir to the Jurai royal family which members are inhereted to an incredible power. Tenchi's Grandfather,Yosho, left the planet Jurai to a peaceful life. Their, Yosho had a only daughter who died after a few years when Tenchi was born.  The story of TMIL is about a great evil called Kain that escapes from the Galaxy Police HQ. Kain Travels back in time to destroy Tenchi's Mother and Grandfather. Now Tenchi and his friends: Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu and Ryo-oki must deguise themselves as students, Teachers and Janitors to help save Tenchi's mother. Tenchi Muyo in love is emotional powerhouse, We see a great concern for Tenchi's mother and father in their teenage years. We also see how Tenchi's freinds truly care for him.  Why Tenchi Muyo is like Star Wars is because the movie focuses on the true story rather than the cool special effects. All characters have true personalities to them and we seem with great concern (Plus, Tenchi has a lightsaber like weapon). I can't stress enough how fantasic this movie is. In my opinion, Tenchi Muyo ending will have you in pure emotional shock because of its sensitivity.  It is true movie magic.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001F9N', u'Whether judged from the cover concept (always one of my favorites of Donna  Summer\'s) or listened with an ear for the richness of the Munich sound  complementing her sultry vocals, this album established her as the disco  goddess and has always been one that is so good to listen and dance to.  The 17-minute "Try me, I know we can make it"  showed how much one could make a few lines, a few words, and a basic tune  into a delightful multi-style, multi-movement anthem of escapist Eurodisco.  Everyone who really likes Donna Summer and appreciates her broad-range  music should have this album.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001FEA', u'I borrowed the LP from a friend back in 1977 and was quite surprised to  have only 4 (or 5, if you include the reprise) in the album, wondering what  an artist could offer with only a few songs. What I realized was, just as  all seasons differed, so did the songs---not just with their themes, but  also with their beats and instrumentations and the voice that was  unmistakably vivacious and versatile! It was a very good follow-up to  &quot;A Love Trilogy&quot;, and it was inescapable that the emerging disco  goddess could not be stopped. You can judge this album by its cover---and  what a wonderful cover concept it was!  A veritable Donna Summer treasure.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001FGF', u"This recording was one of the first I have heard of Eric Clapton. His  performance on this recording is exemplary. Although most of us are  probably most familiar with his work on &quot;From the Cradle&quot; and the  single &quot;Tears in Heaven&quot;, Cream is a point in time of Eric's  career that any Clapton fan would most likely find enjoyment from listening  with an open ear. The music is much heavier than anything he has done since  those times(1966-1968). He teams up with Jack Bruceon vocals, bass, and  harmonica and Ginger Baker on drums.  These gentlemen were highly regarded  jazz musicians on the the London Scene in the mid-sixties. When listening  to these recordings, done live at various venues in the States in March of  1968, one will see the high energy and explosive inventiveness in Clapton's  playing that has not been heard in any of his other groups. Bruce and Baker  push him to experiment with tone, phrasing and volume. His solo on  &quot;Sleepy Time Time&quot; is especially juicy and &quot;Sweet Wine&quot;  is a nearly 17-minute journey into the then-uncharted territory of  jazz-rock. Other recommendations for live Cream include &quot;Wheels of  Fire&quot; (Crossroads, Spoonful), &quot;Goodbye&quot; (live versions of  Sittin on top of the World, Politician and I'm so Glad), and , if  available, Live at the Grande Ballroom in Detroit (Oct 1967) is an example  of Cream at their highpoint with Clapton experimenting with feedback  techniques ala Hendrix."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FLJ', u"I've been enjoying this for almost 25 years, thank God it's on CD cause  I've worn the album out!  A guitar player's guitar player smoking in this  live performance from first song to last.  'Roy's Bluz' -- just great,  mellow vocals and searing guitar solo; 'Further On Up The Road' --  everyone's done it, but not even Clapton can compare to this version; the  cream of the album however is 'Can I Change My Mind', it's smooth, soulful,  and Roy at his pre-Alligator Records best.  If anyone has bootleg Buchanan,  contact me.  If you like this album you should also check out &quot;When a  Guitar Sings The Blues&quot;, a studio album also by Roy Buchanan."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FR9', u"OK.  This is a greatest hits compilation.  Half of it is most of the first  Velvet LP.  If you aren't sure about the VU, buy this one and then, after  listening to it, buy the original catalogue of their LPs.The VU is a  group that the hardcore vinylphiles have to make an exception for and go  get the CDs.  VU albums tend to be played to death.  I felt a sense of  betrayal to the period buying VU on CD initially.  However, upon hearing  'All Tomorrows Parties' in digital playback with headphones, I chucked that  guilt.The music is wonderfully appealing.  Like pied pipers, the VU  makes the idea of popping a vein full of heroin at Andy's [Worhol] flat or  freezing in the icy New York streets in the early morning waiting to score  seem like a fun idea."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LN0', u"The early '90's found New Order at a crossroads.  They hadn't had a  release since 1989's &quot;Technique,&quot; and the various members were  off doing side projects.  Bass player Peter Hook formed Revenge, and had  one rather forgettable release.  The husband and wife team of Gillian  Gilbert and Stephen Morris formed The Other Two and had one rather fluffy  release.  Bernard Sumner joined with Neil Tenant and Johnny Marr and formed  the Blind Faith of their day and released this gem.  So many good songs,  playing on the strengths that the three brought--my fave was &quot;Some  Distant Memory,&quot; the second-to-last track.  &quot;Idiot Country,&quot;  &quot;Tighten Up&quot; and &quot;Getting  Away With It&quot; were also  outstanding.  New Order's 1993 release &quot;Republic&quot; proved that  Sumner would have been better off seeing how far Electronic could go  instead of regrouping New Order."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LRJ', u"Like some previous reviewers, I don't know that I can add any more praise  that hasn't already been beautifully expressed. But simply put, this CD is  so rich, so intricate, so masterful. I never tire of the vocal  instrumentation or the blanket sounds; the dull pulse of percussion, or the  guitars expressed like cellos. My greatest joy in experiencing Kevin  Shields' music on this CD, aside from enjoying it so deeply, is finding  that many others just simply don't get it and only hear &quot;noise&quot;.  This is living proof to me that most of us only preceive what we want in  life, not what is truly there."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LT2', u"This CD was my first introduction to the enriching art and fantastic voice  of Loreena McKennitt.  It's a wonderful album, full of everything from  traditional songs to contemporary; The Lady of Shallot is a beautiful poem  put to words.Overall, her work has since captivated me, and I highly  recommend this as an intro to anyone who is  interested in Celtic or New  Age music in the slightest!  While all of her stuff is good, this stands  out of the crowd as being great.It's also good for meditation, something  which I consider a plus; if I can listen to it as meditation music as well  as for regular, day-to-day listening, I know it's good stuff."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MNZ', u"I am very new to the Ambient circuit and the first artist I listened to  was Richard D. James.  I bought 'I Care Because You Do' and I was  immediately impressed by the diversity of his music.  I had to venture  forth, so I bought SAW II shortly after.  I was amazed that the same person  could create this album.The first track on disc 1 is one of the most  sensually stimulating &quot;sounds&quot; I have ever listened to.  It  resonates softly within the mind and whispers &quot;relax&quot; at every  point of the song.True, there are some &quot;scary&quot; songs on this  album, but they just solidify Aphex Twin's ability to fill gaps in audible  appreciation.  We all like the scary tune in Halloween, right?  Well, this  album will throw you deep into a nightmare-ish atmosphere with its  &quot;Jack in the Box&quot; lullaby, then follow up with an ethereal flight  landing one right in the center of a fairytale.This has been the best  album I have heard from Aphex Twin, but I have yet to listen to the first  part of the Selected Ambient Works duo."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MSS', u"Don Quixote was Lightfoot's third album for Warner Bros. and his 8th  overall (he released his 19th original album - A Painter Passing Through -  in May, 1998). Along with his first Warner Bros. album, If You Could Read  My Mind, and his most successful album on the Billboard charts, Sundown,  Don Quixote showcases Lightfoot's singing and  songwriting, and is a fine  example of where this versatile artist was musically in the early  70s.The album is a wonderful collection of songs including some of the  best and most popular he has written. There is not a top 10 hit on this  album, but don't let that fool you into thinking there's no gold here.  Every single song is superb, and today - 26 years later - Lightfoot is  still performing no fewer than five of the songs from this album in  concert. This includes the title song, Don Quixote, which contains some of  the most brilliant lyrics he has ever written (and that is  saying a lot!)  plus Beautiful, Ode To Big Blue, Christian Island and On Susan's Floor, the  last by Shel Silverstein and Vince Matthews.Thematically, this album is  a sampling of what inspired and still inspires him ... love and love lost  (Second Cup Of Coffee is one of his most poignant autobiographical songs),  Canada, the outdoors and the environment, the tragedy of war, ships and the  water, to name just a few. Even a collection such as Gord's Gold, with many  more songs, fails to offer such a broad array of themes from a songwriter  who writes so brilliantly about so many things in a way few others  can.This is an album you will surely enjoy."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MTI', u"In one word this album rocks.  True it's not typical FNM, but it is  genius.  Imagine all the rage and intensity of Angel Dust mixed with a dash  of high energy The Real Thing and you've got King For A Day Fool For A  Lifetime.  Don't be a poser and shy away from this album because it didn't  receive much fanfare.  Remember neither did Metallica brfore And Justice  For All and you would be hard pressed to find anyone that would call Master  Of Puppets, Ride The Lightning, or Kill Em All bad albums.  IN SHORT BUY  THIS ALBUM AND YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED, I PROMISE!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002N2K', u"That none of Wendy Waldman's albums sold enormously seems shocking  as  this compilation (of her 1973-1978 material) demonstrates, she is a  startlingly talented musician and songwriter. The songs here are taken from  the following albums: Love Has Got Me, Gypsy Symphony, Wendy Waldman, The  Main Refrain, and Strange Company. Each one is a brilliant folky, funky  amalgamation of different genres, and all are out of print, so this CD is  all there is.  Particular highlights are Mad, Mad Me (also recorded by  Maria Muldaur) - a really strong, Laura Nyro-esque, disturbed love song,  and Long, Hot Summer Nights (which was a regional hit in 1978).  Longtime  fans will be disappointed that some favourites aren't included (Train Song,  Goodbye Summerwind), and it's a shame that Gypsy Symphony is so  under-represented. But if her original albums ever reappear, then all that  will be put right. For now, this is more than adequate compensation."))
(5.0, (u'B000002OJ1', u"This is the sound of an artist revitalising his own career after a  relatively bleak period of mediocre albums.  This an extremely confident  collection of uptempo songs which holds a special place in my heart as I  grew up listening to this stuff on the radio when it first came out.  Tracks like &quot;Kiss The Bride&quot;, &quot;I'm Still Standing&quot;,  &quot;I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues&quot; are perennial  favourites and stand up well to his classic songs of the 1970's.  Elton  bounced back into the limelight with this album, with Bernie Taupin back by  his side to provide some great lyrics.  'Too Low For Zero' is simply an  enjoyable collection of radio-friendly tunes with beautiful melodies and  great performances from many members of his original band.  This 'comeback'  album shows a return to form, and a good one at that.  I don't think Reggie  has had as good a record as this since, and 'Too Low' stands the test of  time, proving what a talented and respected musician like E.J. can produce  if he puts his heart and soul into the music and gives it to us  bountifully.  This is a good companion piece to Billy Joel's &quot;An  Innocent Man&quot; from the same year (though I personally prefer 'Too  Low'.)"))
(5.0, (u'B000002G7C', u"The crazy old Velvet Underground is soft like no velvet anyone's ever  touched. In their shiny boots of leather, New York City, Andy's factory  cuts you find a mixed up kind of comfort. In their harmonies, lyrics and  driving rhythms there's a nexus between all of the ways we want to be hip  and great and loved, and the ways we never can.The album //The V.U. and  Nico// is riddled with a kind of nightmarish heroin dream. //Waiting for my  man// and //Heroin// are two songs that drive us to move and dance because  we can. They bring us as close to tasting the underbelly of mixed up  chemical love, and its uncollared heaping portion of death, as any art ever  could.//Heroin// is a crazy red-shoes, grim reapers dance, the droning  strings, rhythmic feedback, and twisting drum whirling to an unbridled  cadence. And Lou Reed telling it how it is: &quot;Its my wife, and its my  life, because a mainline to my vein, leads to a center in my head, and then  I'm better off than dead...&quot;Then there's Nico. Nico of love to  save us from ourselves. //I'll be your mirror// sings a love almost as  dangerous but full and redeeming in a way rat poison can't touch. With this  song, Nico and all the loves we've ever had remind us of why we can't dance  over the edge with a needle.In this album the V.U. and Nico show us both  sides of the coin in a way that has a poetry and a song pushing our feet to  move and our hearts to beat strong, that makes us want to live life with a  hunger and do it cool-ly."))
(5.0, (u'B000002X2B', u"This is it...I'm not sure I could choose another that so clearly  exemplifies the San Francisco sound of the early '70s. Most of the players  had gone through so much by this time...musically and otherwise...that they  seem to have actually known what they were doing in the studio. My favorite  sonic moments in life are from &quot;Home&quot; through  &quot;Starship.&quot; &quot;Have You Seen the Stars Tonight&quot; is an  anthem to what tripping and music are all about. If you had to buy one  album that said all original psychedelic music was trying to say, this is  it! Buy it. Buy it for a friend too..."))
(5.0, (u'B000002Z7O', u'I was just a college freshman from Iowa--what did I know about music? At the time (1980), I thought that Foghat, REO Speedwagon and the Scorpions RULED! Luckily, I met a guy from a truly small town in Iowa who had quite the extensive knowledge of music, and I started down the road that led me to believe that the three greatest bands in rock history are Sonic Youth, The Clash and Husker Du. Of course, journeys of a thousand miles begin with a single step, and those steps started with Roxy Music, Ultravox, and this album. Although Donnie Iris had a top 10 hit in the \'70\'s with "The Rapper," this album is pure powerpop ear candy. From the opening "Oh Leah" (itself a top 30 hit) through odd little tunes such as "I Can\'t Hear You" (with the great feminist lyric "Stop all your bitchin\'/Back in the kitchen"), "Joking" (check out the lyrics to that), "Shock Treatment" and "You\'re Only Dreaming," it\'s a great tuneful album. I was in San Francisco last year, and found this re-issue, and it truly made my day--one of the hardest of my vinyl collection to find on CD. Check it out--you won\'t be disappointed.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003169', u"Plain and simply put, for a great time all should check this c.d. out.  It's completely awesome and inspiring and a total blast to hear each time  you listen to it. The words are easy to remember and sing along with. It's  sets a new standard for Christian Music and completely redefines praise and  worship. Eventhough I love the whole album, my absolute favorites are  &quot;Walk On Water,&quot; &quot;Intro,&quot; &quot;My Life is in Your  Hands,&quot; and &quot;Endless.&quot; I often find myself playing these  songs repeatedly. When I first got my car, all that I would listen to is  this c.d.. Eric is a great artist with great music. His music meets my  needs and helps me get through my days. All of Eric's songs have molded me  to have the heart for God that I have now. For that I am eternally  gatefull. Praise God from whom all blessings flow. Thank you Eric for  writing such great music and for putting together such albums that are  absolute works of art and portraits of God's love.For all you listeners,  I also recommend that you try the other works of Eric as  well:&quot;Transformation&quot; (1996) and &quot;Natural&quot; (1998).  As well as the other great works he has put out within the past twelve  years (Christmas Albums and etc.).All will be truly blessed by this  music.God Bless! (John 3:16)~Quincy"))
(5.0, (u'B0000032WL', u"Todd's third solo album is a defining moment in this incredibly talented,  under appreciated artist's career. His evolution as a musician is one of  the finest music trails you can ever go down. This double album is wall to  wall enjoyment of pure Todd as his wizard self (he plays all the  instruments on 3 sides). It holds its charm and edge 25 years later in a  way few albums can or ever will. It was the first album that I related to  the times, loves and losses in my own life and I'm sure I'll still be  listening to it when I'm 70. As Lori will confirm, with this album, &quot;I  saw the light&quot; in how music moves us all."))
(5.0, (u'B0000033OC', u"If you've never seen Ben Hur on the big screen, it may be difficult to  appreciate the impact this score has on filmgoers.  Before the film even  starts, Miklos Rozsa's Overture lets us know that we are in for something  special.  The next series of cues, up to and including the Prelude (Main  Title) only reinforces that knowledge.  Sitting in the theatre, one gets  chills and thinks &quot;so this is what movies can do.&quot;  The  highlights of this score are to numerous to enumerate here.  Simply put, it  is the best score ever written for a motion picture and Rhino does it  justice in this great box set.  For those of us who have seen Ben Hur on  the big screen, this two disc set allows us to sit back, close our eyes,  and remember.  For those of you who haven't, buy it anyway and listen to  what perfection sounds like."))
(5.0, (u'B000002OSK', u"I've been told that Stevie Ray Vaughan sounded a lot like Hendrix.  I had  never heard any Hendrix, and so I decided to buy a C.D.  I was browsing  through his vast sets of CD's, and my eyes fell upon this album:  &quot;Blues.&quot;  So I bought the CD, and went home to listen to  it.  What I heard was possibly the best blues songs ever recorded.  Hendrix  was a master of the blues, and he proved this with songs such as &quot;Red  House&quot; and &quot;Voodoo Chile.&quot;  Yes, Stevie Ray Vaughan  sounds a lot like Hendrix, and I can see why SRV wanted to copy the blues  great:  because Hendrix had the blues, and he could express them better  than anyone I've ever heard.  SRV pales in comparison to Hendrix.  Jimi Hendrix really was an amazing guitar player.  Not only could he play  great leads, but he FILLED the music.  Most of the songs on this album  consisted of just Hendrix, and a bass and drums.  That's NO rythym guitar  to fall back on when a solo doesn't work out as planned.  He made that  small number of instruments sound awesome. Any blues fan would love  this CD.  Any Hendrix fan would love this CD.  It will hopefully bring the  blues back."))
(5.0, (u'B000002TNR', u"This is my favorite Vollenweider release thus far.An obvious departure for  the artist whose prior works have exclusively utilized a blend of arcane  instrumental synergies,otherworldly sound effects,mysterious chants,and  ofcourse his principal vehicle,the energised harp.It is appropriate that  Carly Simon appears as guest vocalist (Private Fires) since she was largely  responsible for introducing and popularising Vollenweider with U.S.  listeners years ago.Vollenweiders'genius for elemental expression sans the  lyrical component is widely known. However, when paired with the vocal  skills of Eliza Gilkyson and songwriting from the pair that approaches  poetry, you get a tonic for the soul.(Harvest)speaks to the universal human  journey with simple but brilliant metaphors that bring further focus to  Vollenweiders'compositional acumen. Just buy it and enjoy!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002TPF', u"&quot;Soup&quot; is the type of record that's both an exhilarating and  disturbing listen. It starts out harmless enough with the rocking  &quot;Galaxy,&quot; a song that proves Blind Melon has a talent for writing  catchy riffs and down-to-earth lyrics. When I say harmless, I mean this  sugary sweet morsel of pop evokes memories of driving with the top down en  route to no particular destination. However, the album grows more solemn  with tunes like Vernie, San Andreas Fault, Mouthful of Cavities, and The  Duke. Each song is a beautiful blend of Shannon Hoon's unique croon, which  seems too gentle and sympathetic for one plagued by so many inner demons,  and the band's ability to provide the ideal mood with visceral  instrumentation that is both genuine and complex in its simplicity.This  is not an easy first listen. Blind Melon's pop sensibility flows throughout  the album, but they are more subtle and buried deeper than those found on  their first, self-titled record. There is &quot;No Rain&quot; to be found  in this collection, but there are several songs that will evoke wonder and  amazement. The final number, &quot;Lemonade,&quot; is strange in that it  seems to break from the theme of the other songs and sound more like  &quot;Galaxy,&quot; the album's first song. Both have a high energy,  optimistic quality about them that encourages you to think, &quot;Hey,  these are fun songs. These guys aren't all moody and gloomy. They have a  sunny side.&quot; Perhaps, that's the illusion they hoped to create. On the  outside (the first and last song) everything seemed fine and dandy. But  inside (songs 2-13) festers feelings of self-deprecation, disdain, and  sorrow. Just like the band itself, &quot;Soup&quot; is pretty on the  outside but tortured, albeit beautiful, on the inside."))
(5.0, (u'B000002TQV', u"Radiohead is one of the few bands I can lavish praise upon without any  fear of hyperbole, as any mere words I use to talk about them or the music,  cannot possibly convey the incredible greatness that is Radiohead. Though  the readers of Q, and a great many other people I have talked to insist on  naming OK Computer as Radiohead's greatest album/the greatest album of all  time/simply great, it is my contention that their best album is in fact The  Bends. The songs are at least as strong here, and are devoid of the  pretentsion of OK Computer which can at once intrigue and distance the  listener. Also, Fake Plastic Trees, my personal favorite from the Bends,  must go down in history as one of the most gorgeous songs ever written, one  which can lull anyone into an almost sublime state of depression. What more  can I really say here...just that Radiohead is the preeminent rock band of  the last few years and can only be that way for a long time to come if they  continue to produce music as great as that which is found on The Bends."))
(5.0, (u'B000003N7K', u"Usually quite judicious in my praise, I must start nonetheless by saying  that this is one of the greatest jazz albums of all time (truly among the  ranks of, if you're curious as to my frame of reference, Brubeck's  &quot;Time Out,&quot; Ella's `Mack the Knife' Berlin concert, Trane's  &quot;My Favorite Things,&quot; Miles' &quot;Kind of Blue,&quot; and  &quot;Porgy and Bess,&quot; Sonny Rollins' &quot;Saxophone Colossus,&quot;  and perhaps Bill Evans' &quot;Conversations with Myself&quot;). Obscure and  almost unknown up through his death and for several years thereafter,  Johnny Hartman's music has been discovered by many in an upswing which, as  one other reviewer points out, probably can be traced to the use of several  of his tracks in the otherwise forgettable film version of &quot;Bridges of  Madison County.&quot; On Hartman's other recordings, it seems as if his  producers could not decide whether he was the next Nat King Cole or was a  jazz balladeer. This is where he belongs. His luscious, resonant bass  (let's not kid ourselves, Hartman's got more of what it takes than a mere  baritone) is, on this record, particularly skillful and tremendously  expressive. Coletrane, likewise is wonderfully restrained for a point so  far along in his career, and McCoy Tyner and the rest provide a superb  backdrop."))
(5.0, (u'B000003NA3', u"The last ten years have not been good to the jazz tradition. They have  been good to self-proclaimed revivalists who have gone through painstaking  efforts to &quot;preserve&quot; the tradition through very forensic  performances of predictable work. This release by Impuse! contradicts this  trend and these  performances at the Village Vanguard have returned 37  years later to remind us of something... and what better messenger than  John Coltrane? To say that Coltrane was not only a musician, but a man of  incomparable values, tireless dedication to himself and his art and  unparalelled imagination is an understatement. These recordings are  particularly important in that they are in the context of live performances  which are particularly demanding on the improvisor. There are no false  starts and no chance of correcting poor decisions. It is, in fact, this  &quot;risk factor&quot; that is so indigenous to the idiom, or at least  indigenous to works OF this idiom if they are to endure long enough to be  worth remebering. This release is all this and more. Coltrane with his  personell of musicians (each man in full posession of his mind, methods and  faculties needed to facilitate an individual voice within the collective  group) descend upon the music like a team of surgeons operating on a  patient and with the same degree of seriousness. There are complications  during the procedure and decisions are made swiftly with no looking back.  The group coheses to a level that is astounding. To hear 'Trane performing  live is to listen to a man wrestling with everything he is unable to  convey. He makes every note count. Particularly invigorating is the added  contribution of Eric Dolphy in the group. The projects on which 'Trane and  Dolphy collaborate are very sparse and not well documented, so it is with  great relief to hear these two distinct styles engage each other on these  recordings. These concerts personify everything that jazz should be:  intelligent, unselfconcious, dynamic, personal, vigilant, rigorous,  demanding, inventive, unpredictable and unsettling. Very few recordings in  recent mainstream jazz could have the same said of them. These recordings  document a music that was as much then as it is now (37 years after the  fact) unconventional. This fact not only attests to Coltrane's  perseverence, tenacity and genius as a musician, but it also discredits us  as listeners in our inability to be inspired by it. Playing of such  ingenuity has dwindled and we have produced far too few musicians fit for  the task of carrying this torch rather than observing it through the glass  in which the curators have encased it. If these recordings tell us  anything, it's this: If you aren't moving forward, you're not preserving  the tradition... you are raping it."))
(5.0, (u'B000005IL6', u".I'm honestly a little suprised I gave this album 5stars as some of the  songs are weak.  But make no mistake--the album is great when taken as a  whole, and that's exactly how it should be taken.  There's a lot of talent  here (Matthew Sweet, Sonic Youth, Sheryl Crow, Grant Lee Buffalo), some of  which does better than others.  There's kookiness here with the bizarro  Japanese band Shonen Knife (and this very well might be their best  recording).  Pre-album Dishwalla makes a strong showing and we can also  remember why we all loved 4 Non Blondes.Why exactly this album works I  can't say.  But it's one of my favorites.  I you like alternative and if  you like the Carpenters and sometimes wonder how it's possible to like them  both, buy this.How you found this album is beyond me, but if you're  here, I can already guarantee you'll like it enough to make it worth your  don.ps--Richard Caprenter is not forgotten!  he plays keyboards w/  MSweet!pps--My dad heard Shonen Knife's bouncy rendition of &quot;On Top  of the World&quot; (his &amp; m'mom's song) and was shocked that is was  degraded into &quot;hard rock&quot;.  If you're familiar w/ Shonen Knife  you'll undoubtably find this classification bewildering.  My point is, if  your musical tastes run parallel w/ my father's, burn your monitor Right  Now."))
(5.0, (u'B000005OKZ', u"We found this cd on the internet. My husband and I both loved Sam's voice  from his earlier star search years, and decided to try and track him down  on the internet. We found that not only was he doing some successful things  on Broadway in live theater, but he had also just cut a new CD, and it is  fabulous. I've always been a 40's music fan, which my husband could not  bring himself to listen to until he heard &quot;Standard Time&quot;, now we  both have a copy of this CD in our vehicles. I've got three personal  favorites other than &quot;Over The Rainbow&quot;, of course, and they are:  &quot;Let Me Sing&quot;, &quot;Let's Call The Whole Thing Off&quot; and  &quot;Ac-cent-tchu-ate The Positive&quot;. I had never heard &quot;Let Me  Sing&quot; prior to this, Sam's rendition to this 1928 Irving Berlin song  is so lively, that you can't help but sing along and feel  &quot;HAPPY&quot;! The upbeat pure joviality he gives with both &quot;Let's  Call The Whole Thing Off&quot; and &quot;Ac-cent-tchu-ate The  Positive&quot; are truly inspirational. I can honestly say there isn't a  bad one in the bunch of music from the 20's through the 60's."))
(5.0, (u'5550686953', u"If you wonder where Stevie Ray Vaughn got his outstanding guitar licks on  &quot;Texas Flood&quot;, listen to &quot;Blues Power&quot;.  They're all  there in this original by Albert King.  I saw B. B. King on TV a few times  around 1970, but on Sunday nights around 1971 there was a show on PBS of  rock concerts from the Filmore. One night Albert King was on there, a film  of part of this very performance!  That is what cinched it for me as a  blues fan.  I'd never heard guitar playing that touched so close to home.  Every phrase was dynomite.  I can't recomend this album enough."))
(5.0, (u'B000000DP9', u"If you can find this album in your favorite antique store buy it! The  poster included (if still inside) must be worth more than the album! If you  can't be lucky enough to find the poster, then I guess you have to settle  for the finest San Fransisco sound that ever came out of that town in the  60's. Moby Grape personified the 60's sound and became a widely known group  for their innovative sound. Jefferson Airplane learned a thing or two from  this group and it could be said that Moby Grape became their inspiration  for many of the Airplane's songs. All songs on this album are terrific and  never seem to lose their charm. Moby Grape fans should definately buy this  CD to preserve the Grape's flavor for alltime!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000E2E', u"This album is a must.  It chronicles the more familiar works of the great  Rabbi Shabazi that comprise a typical Yemenite Jewish diwan.  And Ofra Haza  has a voice that leaves all but a few of her peers in the dust.The album  opens with Im Nin'alu, a juggernaut that clears the way for the rest of the  LP.  The mix is solid and full and the sound completely infectious.  The  rest of the tracks are good but may have varying appeal depending on the  mood you're in.Galbi, an original (if memory serves me), became an  international hit, spawning remixes (same for Im Nin'alu) for play in  Eurodiscos.  This also overcame obvious political barriers and found  acceptance in some Arab markets.Ofra is the daughter of Yemenite Jewish  immigrants to Israel.  Some have criticized her pronunciation of Arabic,  but few can fall short of praising her vocals.This work along with her  Shirei Moledet series marked a much welcomed departure from her more pop  sound.  I highly recommend this album....oh and she's a very beautiful  woman too."))
(5.0, (u'B000000EVL', u'I first heard Mike Cross at Winflield,Kansas more than a decade ago.  He  remains one of the reasons that I make the trek to the Walnut Valley  Festival in this great setting as often as possible. This particular albumn  ( I had it in LP, no kidding) is one of my alltime favorites. In  particular, it is a classic rendition of  his &quot;Scottsman&quot;, and  &quot;Appalachian Fiddle&quot;.. Finally, I could listen to the driving  energy of his &quot;Goodnight&quot; all night.  If you never heard Mike  either on the main stage at Winfield on Saturday night, or, later at  &quot;Stage 5&quot; you are missing a good bet!  This album is as close as  you can come without actually coming to Kansas in September!  Bill  Matthews, Norman OK'))
(5.0, (u'B000000H5J', u"Fear Factory's first release was mostly 'death metal'-ish, but  Demanufacture combines some eerie background elements and non-aggressive  vocals to bring Fear Factory's sound to a new level.  At first, it seems  like any other harsh, metal CD, but then the melodic backdrops of guitar  and synth kick in, and Burton's voice transforms from a growl into an errie  and haunting chorus which just sounds so right.  My favorite tracks are  P*sschrist and Replica.  Replica is a simple, fast-paced, yet haunting and  in-your-face track of heavy beats and guitar riffs, and the other contains  a truly haunting mood.  Fear Factory uses mostly computers to mix and add  flavor to their music and I would say they have a good grasp of direction.  I had only heard a few tracks before buying it, but now I crank them all.  It's nice to hear something new in metal these days, not just a riff and a  chorus.  FF have just about reached ascension: the future of metal.  I rank  them up there with Voivod for originality."))
(5.0, (u'B000000IVW', u"This album was exactly what mainstream rock needed in the late '80s: a  kick in the butt. This album brought back all the energy and vitality that  was missing from much of the '80s rock, particularly in the world of hard  rock. Although the legacy left by Guns N' Roses is somewhat questionable,  they deserve more credit for being a true rock n' roll band that wasn't  overly concerned with what people though they should do; we definitly need  more bands like this. Now it seems that mainstream rock needs another kick  in the pants. I wonder if anyone will do it this time.  -- 8/13/98"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OMJ', u"In this, the third of Peter Gabriel's self-titled solo albums, it's hard  to tell which is better-the songs or the impressive list of people who  helped out, including such luminaries as Paul Weller of the Jam, Kate Bush,  Dave Gregory of XTC, Robert Fripp, and even old Genesis bandmate Phil  Collins.  The songs are simply outstanding, from the haunting opening track  &quot;Intruder,&quot; the disturbing &quot;Family Snapshot,&quot; (which  would serve as an excellent soundtrack to the Zapruder film of the Kennedy  assassination) to the ominous chilling final track &quot;Biko.&quot;  It's  quite an indication of the excellence of the songs that what (in my mind)  is the weakest song is the hit off the CD, &quot;Games Without  Frontiers.&quot;  Hints of Gabriel's future interest in world music can be  found in &quot;Biko,&quot; and that would be further enhanced in his next  album, &quot;Security&quot; in songs such as &quot;The Rhythm Of The  Heat.&quot;  It's a stunning CD, and rightly considered one of the  strongest releases of the '80's."))
(5.0, (u'B0000035JZ', u"About 7 years ago I discovered Zoviet France. It was the &quot;music&quot;  I had been waiting for all my life--it changed my sense of  &quot;music,&quot; of the appreciation of sound, in a fundamental and  permanent way. For nine solid months, I steeped myself thoroughly and  exclusively in &quot;Mohnomishe,&quot; &quot;Shadow, Thief of the  Sun,&quot; &quot;Look Into Me,&quot; and &quot;Shouting at the  Ground.&quot; In the car, at home as I read, in my Walkman as I worked, it  was a continuous backdrop. When I emerged, I perceived all other  &quot;styles&quot; of &quot;music&quot;--&quot;rock&quot;,  &quot;country&quot;, &quot;alternative&quot;, &quot;rap&quot;,  &quot;classical,&quot; &quot;world&quot;, &quot;jazz&quot;,  &quot;polka&quot;, etc.--as being essentially the same, all equally  shallow, tinny, and preposterous. This effect has worn off somewhat, but my  soul is still firmly attached to Zoviet France. I despaired when I realized  that Zoviet France was no more, but brightened when I found that its  guiding light--Robin Storey--continued his explorations under the guise of  Rapoon. I like Rapoon--a lot--but most of what I have heard has diverged  from Zoviet France's original vision, it seems to me, and the experience is  basically different. But this work, Easterly 6 or 7, is like a cool breeze  from the past: the sound and feel is precisely back in Zoviet France  territory, with a smidgen of Rapoon mysticism edging the borders. It has  become an instant &quot;old friend.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B00000395X', u"Of the four CD's currently available this recording is the best.  The others' sound quality leaves a lot to be desired, but JANE FROMAN, THE CAPITOL RECORDINGS sounds as if it was recorded yesterday by comparison.The true tragedy of Jane Froman, aside from becoming an almost lifelong invalid from a USO plane crash in Lisbon bay, is that she will be remembered, probably, solely for her movie biography.  It was told, in a somewhat less than documentary fashion, by 20th Century Fox in 1952 as a Susan Hayward vehicle.While I always thought of Ethel Merman and Mary Martin as Cole Porter and Irving Berlin singers, Jane Froman was the Rodgers and Hart singer for me.  She performed with a beauty from that beautiful bygone era of those two writers of ethereal songs.  It evokes the times which Ken Burns conjured in his documentary of the radio age, THE EMPIRE OF THE AIR.  It speaks of indigo skies and city lights, an age when people drank cocktails and danced to which F. Scott Fitzgerald referred as &quot;yellow cocktail music.&quot;Frankly, I was afraid Jane Froman had become something of a forgotten singer.  Or this was true until her recordings made at Capitol Records were re-released by Collector's Choice Music.Her heartbreaking rendition of Youmans' and Eliscu's &quot;More Than You Know&quot; makes her classical training obvious.  She has one of those voices, instantly recognizable and never forgotten.  Idioms like chanteuse, virtuoso, and coloratura could all be used to describe her contralto voice.Some may consider Froman an acquired taste.  She is, I suppose, both such a taste and ---once acquired --- such an exquisitely savored one.  But I thought it was rather poetically justified, however maudlin his sentiment sounds, that Robert W. Rice, writing in the liner notes, ends with, &quot;The voice of Jane Froman was stilled on April 22, 1980.&quot;And what a voice!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003BEM', u"When we listen to new bands plug off their guitars in MTV sessions, got to  remind of Beggar's Banquet, an album that turned the way the bands used to  be. &quot;No expectations&quot;? Yes, maybe the Stones never tought that  were playing a so basic album. The misterious guitar in &quot;Simpathy for  the devil&quot; (the legend says Eric Clapton), the acoustic guitar riff in  Street Fighting Man and the tender steps of the click-clack of your feet in  &quot;Stray Cat Blues&quot; are the hard points of this. But tender is the  Factory Girl and The Salt of the Earth. And just in Love in Vain we heard a  so beautiful guitar as &quot;No expectations&quot;. Expect a great album."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SBZ', u"This cd is tight.  It's got tracks like Be All You Can Be and Murda Murda  Kill Kill that should be  bumpin' in your car all the time.  I hadn't  really liked Mac's style of rap until I bought this cd.  I was really  surprised by the beats and the verses, they were really good.  In Tank  Dogs, Mac hooks up with C-Murder and Fiend, in Slow Ya Roll, O'Dell sings  the chorus while Mac tells about a kid tryin to make it in the streets.  Nobody Make A Sound has got to be my favorite track, it's got Mac rappin  first, then Magic tears it up, followed by two female rappers making their  debut as 2-4-1, then Fiend ends it with style.  If you like No Limit, or  you like hip hop at all, get this, it's worth the money."))
(5.0, (u'B000007UGH', u'Bruce has always been at his best when playing live. This is only a four  song single, but is a must have for any die hard Bruce fan. It contains  four great live recordings from the much under-rated Tunnel of Love tour.  Two songs, &quot;Be True&quot; and &quot;Chimes of Freedom&quot; are not  available on an any album. It also has a great live version of  &quot;Tougher Than the Rest&quot; and an acoustic version of &quot;Born to  Run.&quot; In the US this single is only available on cassette. You can  only get this on cd as an import and as such, is well worth the money. --  8/13/98'))
(5.0, (u'B000007W4Z', u"For you Yngwie die-hards, this is a dream come true: the Maestro composed  a friggin' concerto in the vein of Antonio Vivaldi with an electric guitar  as the lead instrument (except on &quot;prelude to april,&quot; where he  uses the Gibson Chet Atkins he used in &quot;black star&quot;). He quotes  himself quite a bit on these twelve compositions, most evidently in track 3  (&quot;Andante?&quot;), where he plays the melody from &quot;Brothers&quot;  (The Seventh Sign) in a major key (!) and in the opening &quot;Icarus Dream  Fanfare,&quot; where he quotes (surprise) the &quot;Icarus' Dream  Suite.&quot; You'll also hear bits of &quot;Black Star&quot; and some  others here and there.This is the record we have been waiting for all  of Yngwie's career, especially after hearing the intro to &quot;How Many  Miles to Babylon.&quot; If you're as much of a die-hard as I am, you won't  be able to wait for the domestic release of the Concerto Suite in like  Spring '99. This ranks up there with Vivaldi's &quot;Four Seasons,&quot;  Paganini's &quot;24 Cappricios&quot; and anything Bach. A beautiful album."))
(5.0, (u'B0000084IA', u"I discovered Noir D&eacute;sir when I was going to school in Tours in 1989.  I  made the unfortunate mistake of lending the cassette to a KSMU deejay who  liked it so much he skipped town with it.  I finally got a colleague to  pick up a CD for me on a business trip, and somebody broke into my house  and made off with it.  I've managed to replace it again, so I am hoping  that the criminal element will just buy their copies from Amazon now  instead of stealing mine! Seriously, this is a great CD, way ahead of its  time, and my husband loves it even though he doesn't understand French.  (He just makes up his own words and sings along. ::grin::)"))
(5.0, (u'B0000088IC', u"This cd is fabulous! I can't stop listening to it. For all of you TITANIC  fans, I thoroughly recommend this cd. It has music from first-class,  including &quot;Wedding Dance&quot;, as well as music from the steerage  party. It also has the hymn &quot;Nearer My God to Thee&quot;, the last  song played before the ship went down. They are not the exact versions used  in the movie, but they are wonderful. Furthermore, the cd includes a  version of the song &quot;Rose&quot; and an instrumental version of  &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;. I am so thankful I got this cd. It is very  rare and hard to find, so grab one while you can! You won't regret it!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000089A5', u"Recorded during the same period as TOMMY, ARTHUR was originally conceived  as a rock opera/television movie. When the tv deal fell through, Ray  Davies' decided to release the album anyway. ARTHUR came out shortly after  TOMMY due to the original tv deal, so most critics thought that it was an  imitation of the highly regarded Pete Townshend rock opera.Nothing could  be further from the truth. In fact, ARTHUR has aged far better than TOMMY  and is one of the finest Kinks albums after VILLAGE GREEN. The sound is  extraordinatry, particularly when compared to the domestic Warner/Reprise  release from earlier in the decade. The original master tapes were used  here and they sound glorius!The bonus tracks are a real plus, because  most of them have only been available as inferior versions on the Reprise  KINKS KRONIKLES(among others). MINDLESS CHILD OF MOTHERHOOD, one of Dave's  minor classics, is available in mono and stereo and sound terrific. There  is also previously unreleased Dave tracks, as well as, PLASTIC MAN, Ray's  minor classic ode to the plastic society we live in. Highly recommended  this is one of the first Kinks purchases(with VILLAGE GREEN, LOLA,  SOMETHING ELSE and MUSWELL HILLBILLIES) that you should make if you are a  new Kinks fan."))
(5.0, (u'B0000001SL', u"Easily one of my favorite albums, with an infectious mix of jazz fusion,  latin, and even some calypso thrown in for good measure.  I love the  trademark blend of Chieli Minucci's creative acoustic and electric guitar  with George Jinda's diverse rhythms and percussion instruments. This album  contains a cherry-picked selection from the Peace of the World, Double  Feature, Global Village, Mystique, Just Like Magic, Slice of Life, Modern  Manners, and Confidential albums. My personal favorites are Jazz Lambada,  Uptown East, Daybreak, Udu Voodoo, and My Place in the Sun (recorded from  1985 - 1993). It's 73 minutes of heaven. The music of Special EFX has broad  appeal; try playing it at a social event and see for yourself."))
(5.0, (u'B0000005S5', u'Purchased this CD on the recommendation of a fellow steel guitar player. 2  great steel players with very different styles really kick this CD. The  originals stand up well to the other selcted songs. I enjoyed the vocal  harmonies throughout and never thought I would enjoy a song about the  landmine problems of the world. This was a CD that I thought would be good,  but found it well above my expectations. This CD stayed &quot;in  rotation&quot; in my car for a long time. Also this is the type of CD that  would be good to start with if you are country curious and from a  rock/contemp. background. Good stuff.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000063L', u"This is Thompson performing without a net. A great album that continues to  astound because of the material and its flaws. Thompson has never sounded  so unsure of himself on some tracks which adds a vunerability to his  performance--something that suits him(particularly since there is no witty  stage patter on the disc). The flaws also add considerable charm to  performances that are still formative and raw.Out of print for a number  of years, this has finally been reissued on cd. It's not the first disc to  buy if you don't have any Thompson, but its a great addition after you pick  up some of his classic albums."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KLM', u'Conventional wisdom claims that the B-52\'s debut release was their best, and while it certainly was a vivid departure from what was coming out at the time, in terms of sheer dancability, "Wild Planet" is the CD to own. From the dance-\'til-you-drop opener "Party Out Of Bounds" to the sheer lunacy of "Quiche Lorraine" ("Has anybody seen/a dog dyed dark green/about two inches tall/with strawberry blonde paws") And "Strobe Light" ("First I\'m gonna kiss your eyes (ooh)/then I\'m gonna kiss your neck (oh)/then I\'m gonna kiss your thighs (ahh)/then I\'m gonna kiss your PINEAPPLES (OOOOWAAAAAAAA!)"), it\'s non-stop kinetic energy. Make sure you clear the furniture and put on yer dancin\' shoes before you slide it in the CD player-if you can\'t dance to this, you\'re dead!'))
(5.0, (u'B000002KOQ', u"More than any album, LADIES OF THE CANYON symbolizes what was essentially  right about relationships and dreams in the just-barely idealistic sixties  and early seventies.  Such optimism and appreciation of beauty on its own  terms is scarcely visible today, certainly very little of it surfaces in  music.  Cynicism and individual 'freedoms' at the cost of devotion and  sacrifice have replaced them.  Joni Mitchell undertands those sacrifices  and the uncertainties that true love can foist on its chosen.  This is  perhaps the last album of hers that is still on the side of optimism; BLUE,  though a towering artistic achievement, is inarguably darker and more  guarded.  The song, HE PLAYED REAL GOOD FOR FREE, which has kept evolving  through the years, is a beautiful tribute to the ongoing battle of art vs  commerce and fame; of the true joys of creating against the practical  'wisdom' of everyday life.  Every song is a complete, beautifully etched  portrait of a time or place that evokes images of the California of the  sixties that one can only understand through personal experience.  I, for  one, am glad someone as brilliant and compassionate as Ms Mitchell was  there to immortalize it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KP3', u"T Rex is one of those bands that most folks have had but a brief, casual  acquaintance with.  Almost everyone is familiar with 'Bang A Gong' (on this  LP); a percentage will know 'Jeepster'; but the rest of their catalogue  remains largely obscure.However, T Rex was a band that influenced a  great deal of the music that evolved over the years.  In that way, I'd  liken them to the Velvet Underground.  Most people who went out and bought  a few of their LPs formed bands influenced by them.  And the public bought  THOSE bands' albums, since they got the airplay.Electric Warrior stands  out as (in most opinions) T Rex's best work.  It has a uniform flow and was  mixed superbly.  One isn't tempted to skip over a single track upon  listening.  The lyrics are rudely enticing; the music is classic roots o'  glam.  Classic in the way Ziggy Stardust was.Buy it; listen to it; and  try to resist the temptation to raise the volume when 'Rip Off' comes on."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LCK', u'&quot;Substance&quot; is an excellent CD for two reasons.  First, it  serves as an outstanding introduction to New Order overall at the height of  their creative powers, and as such relieves the listener of having to  listen to their future releases &quot;Technique&quot; and  &quot;Republic.&quot;  Second, it serves as the definitive collection for  the true New Order fan,  and stands as their best release.  Of course, the  CDs &quot;Movement,&quot; &quot;Power, Corruption &amp; Lies&quot; and  &quot;Low-Life&quot; should be purchased.  Everything clicks on  &quot;Substance,&quot; from the moody &quot;Ceremony&quot; to VERY GOOD  remixes of &quot;Perfect Kiss&quot; and &quot;Bizarre Love Triangle&quot;  to the new cut, &quot;True Faith.&quot;  Unfortunately, the second CD,  which is mostly outtakes, B-sides and alternative takes, is mostly  forgettable--the only cut work listening to is &quot;Procession,&quot;  which is cut from the same cloth as &quot;Ceremony.&quot;  Even so, for  both the seasoned Joy Division/New Order fan or the new listener, this is  the ultimate.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001P1O', u"I fell in love with the movie the first time I saw it. Now, the same has  happened when I first listened the movie's soundtrack-album. Composer  Andrew Powell has teamed up with producer Alan Parsons and many of his  fellow musicians from The Alan Parsons Project to create one of the best  soundtracks ever heard. The music is a mixture between powerful 'rock'  instrumentals which sound remarkably like APP, and a more common orchestral  score, which is capable of expressing the different moods of the film (from  dangerous, sad, to extremely romantic) extremely well. Furthermore, there  are some really medieval sounding tracks on this CD, e.g. a gregorian  chant. This music lets the listener re-experience the film in the mind,  with all of its moods. What more could one possibly want from a  soundtrack?!? The only weak track is the last one: 'Ladyhawke Theme: Single  Version'. This must have been included due to purely commercial reasons,  but I personally don't like the track and think that the first track (Main  Title) would be a much better single from this album.  Wrapping up: This  album is an absolute must for fans of the movie and APP-fans alike. All  others are invited to give it a try: they won't be disappointed."))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y15', u'Alright first off i gotta say this CD is tight.  He shows his stregnths in  tracks such as Life of an Outlaw, Hold Ya Head, and others.  This is  probably his second best LP.On to another subject related to Makaveli.  He changed his artist name to Makaveli for a very intricate reason.  Machiavelli was an Italian philosopher about 500 years ago.  He FAKED his  death to evade enemies.  Tupac did the same thing. The reason why its  spelled as Makaveli because if you unscramble it you get Am Alive, then the  K is left.  There is a rapper that came out right after his death by the  name of Blac Haze. Sounds just like 2Pac and his face isnt shown on his CD.  The K goes in Blac of Blac Haze so it looks like Black Haze.  Email me for  70+ reasons on why hes alive.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000028QB', u"These recordings are absolutely essential for anyone interested in Blues,  Gospel, or slide guitar. Johnson's command of slide guitar is stunning. His  timing and sense of rhythm and cadence are breathtaking. No one--not even  Robert Johnson--will raise the hair on the back of your neck like Blind  Willie Johnson. Jesus Make Up My Dying Bed, It's Nobody's Fault But Mine,  Dark Was the Night--Cold Was the Ground are among my favorites, but every  track is powerful and performed with superlative musicianship and  incredible complexity for such simple sounding songs. His guitar wizardry,  at times understated and subtle, bursts forth like a torrent that will  leave you breathless. Make no mistake, you must have this recording. Blind  Willie Johnson RULES."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S2', u"Stevie Nicks has once again out done herself.  She some how knows exactly  what her fans wants and needs are, and is able to deliver in double doses.  She has come a long way from her days as Lindsey Buckingham's side kick in  Fleetwood Mac.  She has proven that women still rule rock 'n roll.  She  goes from campy songs such as &quot;Whenever  I call you friend&quot; to  hard edged hits like &quot;Edge of Seventeen.&quot;  She helps us relive  her days in Mac with a new rendition of &quot;Rhiannon&quot; yet leaves us  knowing exactly who she is, why's she here, and why she'll never leave.  Good job Stevie, and congrats!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062V3', u'I listened to a demo of this CD last fall (1997) and I knew right away  that I had to buy it.  Some have compared them to Jars of Clay but Shaded  Red seems much heavier to me (but not SO heavy that it turns me off).  The  lead vocalist seems to sing with all his heart.  There is a great balance  of guitars with vocals and drums and a nice variety of styles throughout  the album so as not to get repetitive.  Sadly, their drummer was killed in  an auto accident in January of 1998.  Apparently he had just joined the  band for their tour and he did not play on this album.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000064U1', u"This Athens, GA-based band finally bring their southern-fried-jam style  rock to the masses after having reserved it for legions of devoted fans for  the past 12 years.  While the Panic's studio efforts have always been good  and polished, it is difficult to truly experience the band until you've  seen them live (or until you hear this double album!).  Since their first  show in 1986 they've been on the road constantly playing hundreds of dates  every year in all corners of the country from tiny bars to midsize theaters  and even the occasional arena -- all the while honing their improvisational  skills and developing interaction between members that truly proves this  sextet's dedication to their music and fans.  The project of putting this  album together was long in the works and finally you can have it in your  hand!  While this live album is comprised of bits and pieces from several  shows it is seamlessly put together by John Keane (longtime Panic friend  and producer).  Highlights include &quot;Pickin' Up The Pieces&quot;  featuring Branford Marsalis (sax), a 14+ min. &quot;Diner&quot; as well as  the recorded debuts of longtime Panic favorites &quot;Disco&quot;,  &quot;Conrad&quot;, and &quot;Gimme&quot;.And as the Panic simply says:  &quot;Enjoy the show!&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B0000065JW', u"It was after a year and half of searching that I found their debut ep  &quot;Dreadful Sorry&quot;. Within a month I proceeded to buy this lp.  Though it hardly seems possible, Parlor James have incorporated new ideas  and dynamics into their already rich sonic palette.Most of the songs  have a sense of doom which is exemplified by their cover of the traditional  song &quot;Clemetine&quot;. Though Allison's voice is often said to be  'nasal', it is perfect for these songs, the songs need her. The two songs  which Clementine straddles....Face in the Leaves and Pain I'm In are  lengthy murder (death) ballad workouts,  with no wasted moments.And  then there are the pop songs with a twist(This Misery, Everything and  Nothing Too) which have reduced atmospherics and are given over to vocals.  These songs demand to be played and heard widely.The best lp of the  Year..."))
(5.0, (u'B0000069P4', u"Frankfurt Telephonics is very uniqe and therefore one of the best I have  heard...of course after Michael Jackson's &quot;History&quot;. Frankfurt  Telehonics album made me wonder if it is going to be the future  &quot;Mozart&quot;. It is so creative. It makes you wonder in awe and  contemplate on your day-to-day life...how there is music everywhere...in  our daily conversations, in the birds singing, in the dog barking, in the  car engine that runs, or kitchen utensils, in a baby's talk and so on. If  only one could stand and listen to the music within us, in our environment.  This CD has the music to revolutionize the music industry. I do hope to  hear more from the artists."))
(5.0, (u'B000006E4T', u"I have thoroughly enjoyed everything Savatage has done(especially Gutter  Ballet and beyond), but this is the most incredible work they have  submitted to date(with Streets being a very close second).  I think the  story behind the album is great and the music tells it unbelievably well.  'Turns to Me' and 'Paragons of Innoncence' are two untouchable rockers.  The title track is a classic Savatage cut and the other pieces deserve  mention, but I only have 1000 words.  The two accoustic revisions of old  songs aren't overly entertaining, but the third bonus track 'Stay'  justifies their presence on the album.For the perfect blend of hard  and soft rock, get this album... NOW!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006EHV', u"This is the Japanese release called &quot;Treasures&quot;, not the English  disc put out by Pickwick.  Here, this set contains 2 CDs with all of the  best of the Carpenters non-hits (album tracks not released as singles).  Sonically, this set is tremendous and Richard has remixed (as usual, but  here to great advantage) many of the cuts.  In particular, &quot;I Can't  Make Music&quot; is remixed so that Karen truly sounds as if she's  &quot;sitting 'round in a vacant room,&quot; and the song builds to become  perhaps the most dramatic cut ever recorded by Richard and Karen.  Despite  the high import price, I highly recommend this (and it also has some  interesting/nonselfserving liner notes by Richard)."))
(5.0, (u'B000006HD8', u"When I first listened to The Storm's first recording, I was blown away!  It was great getting teased with Gregg's great vocals and Kevin's  INCREDIBLE range!  Years have passed and I've been searchin' record stores  and the webb...finally found 'Eye of the Storm' --  a fantastic follow-up.  It's so cool that Ross and Gregg still jam together; Kevin and Gregg are a  super writing team; Josh, who taught you those great licks?  Ron, keep on  poundin'!!!  Can't keep The Storm a secret forever, you know!  All TWELVE  TRACKS bring you to the stadium and demand that you sing along and play air  guitar!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006OMK', u"Most 80's compilations start strong and then fade out with songs that you  never heard or would never care to hear again.  This disc, however, is all  hits from INXS' The One Thing to Love My Way by the Psychedelic Furs to the  Bangles cover of Hazy Shade of Winter.  Living Color and The Church  seem  somewhat out of place, being late 80's entries but Cult of Personality and  Under the Milky Way are great songs.  The only other 80's compilation this  strong that I have found is Ultimate New Wave Party on Arista Records.  No  songs overlap on these two discs and I would rate these two discs together  over any of the overpriced TV Compilations."))
(5.0, (u'1572522747', u'This is a story of a small child who must learn to live again after the  tragic loss of her mother.  She must face her grief alone as her father  distances himself from her, expecting her to deal with it with the help of  her aunt and cousins.  The story is so well done that you feel her pain  right along side her.  I found myself calling to her to comfort her as her  mother would do.  She goes to the depths of despair, all the while  believing in the goodness of the Lord and the love of her mother, and that  is what saves her in the end.  I felt as though I had been through an  emotional wringer and had come out better for it, and my faith in the human  spirit was strengthened by the spirit of a little child. I loved it!  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000000OSA', u"This is the fourth CD in XTC's extensive and constantly changing recording  career, and marks the beginning of a change in the group that would see its  full realization in &quot;Mummer.&quot;  Their first three CDs were  hyperactive affairs, chock full of 3-minute songs that propelled themselves  along in overdrive.  Things slowed down a bit (just a bit), probably owing  more to the loss of keyboardist Barry Andrews than anything else.  The  opening track &quot;Respectable Street&quot; is an outstanding example of  not-in-my-backyard thinking and class resentment, and the album chugs along  from there.  Other outstanding tracks include &quot;Generals And  Majors,&quot; &quot;Towers Of London&quot; and &quot;Buring With Optimism's  Flame.&quot;  The CD includes three bonus tracks not found in the original  vinyl release, including the great &quot;Don't Lose Your Temper.&quot;  This serves as an excellent starting place to review XTC's never-ending  changes in style and tempo."))
(5.0, (u'B000000P17', u"I don't know why this album has such a bad rap. It wasn't supposed to be  anything special. Just something they had and decided to release for those  who wanted to hear it. It was intended to be something for the die hards to  listen to while they waited for the next real album. Anyone who tries to  compare this album to Appetite or UYI1&amp;2 is making a mistake. It is  more comparable to Lies. Nevertheless there are some instant classics on  this cd (Down on the Farm, Ain't it Fun, Black Leather, Attitude). Judged  as what it was and what it was intended to be (not what people wanted it to  be) this is a great album but probably for diehards only. -- 8/13/98"))
(5.0, (u'B000000PXA', u"i read the prior review of this album.it must be something like12-15 years  old but  for me is an  eternal pearl.produced by sugar minott,a great(pre)  raggamuffin album  of the early eighties.i think the artist died in the  early 80's and this is why we havent heard from him again.an obviously  spirirtual man whose emotive capturing of the mood (slightly before sleng  teng) of  the times reflected what was happening dance hall and on the  streets.you can't beat this album on presence or style.if you want a taste  of reggae history you could play at church and a party dont go past this."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J88', u"I find that most of the albums that I cherish in my collection, I hated at  first. This includes many of my favorite classical and Jazz albums. Fine  music, really fine music, must be taken in slowly, digested and allowed to  enter ones soul. Tori Amos is, in my opinion, the most challenging,  engrossing, emotionally stimulating, and most well rounded artist on the  music scene today. For example, listen (study) to the track Marianne (#6).  To fully appreciate this piece of music you must listen many times,  focusing on one component each time through. Listen to what the right hand  on the piano is saying, then listen again to what the left hand says, the  spaces between the notes, the vocals, how Tori uses her voice, breathing,  slurring of words and distortion, to create tension and express emotion.  All are parts of a masterpiece, painted on the CD. Then try to figure out  what the lyrics might mean (to you!). Then go see her live and see how a  true artist, a piano, and all these parts work together (along with an  active educated listener) to create a truly magical and emotionally  fulfilling experience. But if you just listen to music and don't actively  participate in it, I recommend you go listen to Paula Cole."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JRD', u"The Wildhearts' first album is arguably one of their best.  Although they  drifted towards the heavy metal side of things before splitting up in  November 1997, this albums represents all that is good in their early style  of heavy-ish rock.  Classic songs like &quot;My Baby is a Headfuck&quot;  and &quot;TV Tan&quot; are still consistantly high on my list of favourite  songs, despite having bought this album over two years ago.  It was also  rated highly in a &quot;Best albums&quot; list a few months ago, although I  can't remember which magazine.  This, or possibly the British or Japanese  &quot;Best of...&quot; albums, are the ideal introduction to the Wildhearts  as a band.  Get it if you like rock.  Get it if you like metal.  Get it if  you like anything, really, it'll convert you in no time."))
(5.0, (u'B000009CIK', u"The W's are right up there with, oh, I don't know.......is there any one  up there with them?Let me start by saying that I was really disappointed  with this album on first listening to it.  I purchased their 3-song demo cd  a couple months before and loved it.  So when I heard &quot;Fourth from the  Last&quot; and the remixes of these songs, it disgusted me.  I had had the  cd mailed to me on its first day available and then didn't listen to it  again for about a month.Now that I've finally picked it up again and  laid my prejudices aside, I'm in love all over again.First realize that  The W's aren't a quick add on to this sudden swing craze.  Some of their  songs most certainly are swing, but unlike BBVD, they're not stuck on being  retro; and unlike Cherry Poppin' Daddies or Bryan Setzer, they're not  wearing giant signs that read: &quot;LOOKATME!! I'MTRENDY!!&quot;A  better way to think of The W's is to think of them as what they say they  are: &quot;rock-ska-billy&quot;.One last thing:(a rebuttal to people  who won't buy &quot;Christian&quot; music)Qwitcher whinin'!  If a couple  of songs are Bible stories, why should that bother you?  If you can't enjoy  the greatest song in the genre (&quot;The Devil Is Bad&quot;), then it's  because you are close minded.  Don't defend other people's right to express  themsleves or say &quot;ijustlikethemusic&quot;, if you rejest this because  its been pigeon-holed as  &quot;Christian&quot;.(In all fairness I  should probably say that I never went for anything &quot;Christian&quot;  before getting The W's demo cd and that I bought it unawares.  But hey!  Since then I've loosened up!  And as far as I can tell, there have been no  detrimental side effects like sniffling, lung cancer or, say, death for  instance.)Good luck finding any cd more worth your $11.88.(Whatta  bargain!)"))
(5.0, (u'B000009CMG', u"Every song on this CD is powerful.  It will remain in my CD library for  decades.  I have owned two other copies, but when they have been borrowed  they are never returned.  Do not loan it out.  The music on this CD  is ballad like, and encourages your mind to escape with wonderful, dark or  joyful thoughts.  The lyrics are abstract and poetic is some cuts.  This is  what sets your thoughts aloft.  The music is rock, not the kind of fuzzy,  screaming rock that annoys you, but a  directed, deep voiced and solid rock  that affects your whole being with rhythm.  Other rock CD's I love are  Roxy Music-Avalon, U2- Achtung, Baby and Cat Stevens- Foreigner."))
(5.0, (u'B000009D01', u"I was first exposed to the single, Save Tonight, on a recent trip to  Europe, where I saw the video on World MTV.  The video in and of itself was  quite visually engaging, but the music seemed so original, yet still quite  simple.  I could not get the song out of my head, and I began to look for  the Eagle-Eye Cherry CD, Desireless, when I returned to the States, but  with no luck until I searched via amazon.com.  When it finally arrived, I  was actually positively shocked at the depth and quality of the CD.  It is  kind of like a book of short stories which are all somehow related, though  that is not very evident at first listening.  What I got from listening to  this title is an impression of who Eagle-Eye Cherry might be, similar to  the feeling I get from listening to Marc Cohn's first CD, eponymously  titled, which includes Walking in Memphis, Ghost Train, Silver Thunderbird,  29 Ways, etc.  Though the two artists's music is quite dissimilar, I think  a similarity exists in the maturity of each artist's storytelling ability.  It would be difficult to single out tracks on Desireless which appeal to me  particularly, because I really love the entire recording.  However, I am  very fond of When Mermaids Cry.  I play it repeatedly, along with Save  Tonight, while driving to work.  I recommend the CD highly, and await a  subsequent offering from Eagle-Eye Cherry."))
(5.0, (u'B000009HRD', u"This CD will take you on a memorable trip back to the San Francisco  scene's heyday when sex, drugs, and rock &amp; roll were the way of life.  The other bands of the era have gone the way of the nickel bag, but The  Sons Of Champlin roar back with a set that shows us why they were the band  that the other bands went to see on their nights off.  Front man Bill  Champlin's soulful voice and classic B-3 are just a small part of a  knockout band and a list of unforgettable tunes that will have you dancing  around your living room and singing at the top of your lungs in traffic  jams."))
(5.0, (u'B000009HRD', u"Back in the 70's while in college, my friends and I would make a religous  45 minute pligrimage every Saturday night to the Fillmore in San Francisco  to hear the internatiional and local acts. San Francisco was alive with new  hot talent- Lee Michaels-Santana-Cold Blood- The infamous Tower of Power,  and one of my favorites- The Sons of Champlin. In the 70's most of the  great bay area bands had something in common- a horn section, great  vocals,and a Hammond B3 Organ. The sons were right on target and extreemly  entertaining to watch and hear.Bill Champlin got side tracked with his  long stint as lead vocalist for CHICAGO, but in the past year reunited his  band and added some new personell. Mic Gillette, a premiere bay area brass  man (of Cold Blood and Tower of Power) is on board with his wide range of  trombone and trumpet licks. This band breaths new life into a living legend  and is better than ever. Five Stars! Stan McClain, Pasadena, CA"))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTL', u"Finally the long-awaited live album from They is in my CD player and I  could not be happier.  I have been fortunate enough to see the Johns live  numerous times and this CD brings back memories of those joyful concerts.  TMBG is at their best on stage.  Most of the fan favorite songs are  represented and a few new treats as well. We finally get &quot;They Got  Lost&quot; on a CD as well as the great new tune &quot;Dr. Worm&quot;  Apparently they have remixed and recorded some parts of these songs and the  result is one of the best sounding 'live' albums ever.  Get this NOW!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTX', u"Discovering Happy Rhodes is like discovering a vein of gold in the middle  of a busy street.  You stand in stupefied amazement at how such a treasure  could have been overlooked so long.  &quot;Many Worlds are Born  Tonight&quot;, Happy's 10th studio album and first release on Samson  records, will hopefully help garner the attention she deserves. Happy's  trademark multi-octave voice (often compared to Kate Bush) and long-time  collaborator Kevin Bartlett's innovate guitar work are both featured on  this new release.  Deep rumbling base, complex vocal arrangements, and lots  of cool electronica create a sonic landscape similar to the visual  landscape created in the movie BladeRunner, the inspiration for at least  one track on the new album, &quot;Roy&quot;.  Happy continues to do what  she does best, finding the heart in the monster, the android, the horror  that is humanity.  In the final track, &quot;Serenading Genius&quot;, Happy  sings &quot;I don't sing because I've found it, I sing because I'm looking  for it.&quot;  Happy's genius is clearly evident on this latest release."))
(5.0, (u'B000009PNP', u"I always wait to see a movie before I buy the soundtrack, so I was not  disappointed by this CD in any way. I tend to think a soundtrack is good if  it captures the distinct mood of the movie and stands as good music by  itself.  The CD does both of those very well.I can hear the sweeping  romance of the story and the hope and liveliness of Danielle as the main  themes in the music.  And if you've seen the movie, the soundtrack might  make you think about the scenes that the music is from.  But I also think  it's good enough to be listened to for its own sake - I would have bought  this CD even if it wasn't a soundtrack.It's a lot more like the  &quot;Titanic&quot; soundtrack, more &quot;musical&quot; and less a  collection of songs, like the &quot;City of Angels&quot; soundtrack was. (I  loved both.)  Keep that in mind if you're thinking about buying."))
(5.0, (u'B000009QJK', u"nina simone has made so many great albums but i urge you buy this  excellent cdfolksy nina i managed to buy on lp in 1975 in holland and  have never seen it since.  it comprises of further material from the 1963  carnegie hall concert.  its smooth and middle of the road but most of all  classynina simone with strings is the ultimate rarity, i've been  collecting her albums since 1968 and have never been able to land a copy of  this.  its worth getting though very classy even if the 10 short running  tracks leave you wanting so much more.nina's colpix output stands out  as dated compared to her philips and rca output, however, its always worth  investigating - why because the genius is still there and that classical  piano style is wonderfulbuy, buy, buy while you can"))
(5.0, (u'B000009QK7', u"I am a devout fan of Mr. Rich's work (I own everything he's done, whether  solo, collaboration, or compilation, and I wait breathlessly for each new  release), but I generally prefer his darker, less &quot;new-agey&quot;  work, such as that released on the Hearts of Space sub-label Fathom (and on  various compilations).  So, when I heard that this new disc was to be  released on the decidedly &quot;new-agey&quot; main label and not on  Fathom, I was momentarily disappointed.  I need not have worried, for this  is NOT easy listening.  Dense, rhythmic, yet still flowing, this disc is  even more active and &quot;in your face&quot; than his last full length  solo release, the excellent Propagation.  It is also much more challenging  and complex than that work.  I've been impatiently awaiting this disc ever  since I heard of its existence (under the working title Flux) at a Rich  concert in the Santa Ynez valley 3 or 4 years ago.  It was WELL worth the  wait!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002HN0', u"I suppose Jason Falkner is best known as a member of Jellyfish or the  Grays. Unfortunately, his solo album seems to have been entirely  overlooked. It's a shame because some of the songs on this album deserve to  be classics -- yes, classics. From the power-chord plunge that introduces  it right through to the end, the opening &quot;I Live&quot; is a rock &amp;  roll masterpiece. Sonically inventive but rhythmic and catchy, the song  really could've been a contender if it had been given a chance on radio and  MTV. Many of the other tracks are gems of almost as high an order,  particularly &quot;Don't Show Me Heaven&quot; and &quot;Untitled.&quot;  Melodic guitar pop-rock doesn't get much better than this."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UB2', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  However indisputably great and important the Beatles  were, the fact is I just don't listen to 'em all that much -- the sad  result of radio overkill, I suppose.  The lone exception is Abbey Road, and  particularly side two (or, for the digital age, the latter 2/3 of the cd).  McCartney managed to take a bunch of so-so tunes and weave them into one of  the most memorable musical suites in rock history.  From the melodic  silliness of &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; through the  blistering (well, by John &amp; George standards) guitar duel in &quot;The  End,&quot; the last 20 minutes of this are enough to demonstrate to  newcomers what it was that made the Beatles so incredible.  Not to mention  John's sparse but entrancing &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy),&quot; and  Paul's throat-shredding &quot;Oh, Darling.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000000XHA', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  While Big Star only sold about, oh, six albums during  their actual existence as a band, they've become the name to drop among  today's neo-popmeisters; everyone  from the Replacements to Teenage Fanclub  has pledged allegiance to these albums.  Big Star made music that, in a  perfect world, would sell tons of albums and make the band rich.  Back in  the early 70's, when this stuff came out, the world was full of progressive  rock artistes, Zeppelin rip-offs, and waif-like folkies.  Big Star bagged  that garbage, and aimed, unabashedly, to revive the Beatles and the Byrds.  This cd is full of so much amazing pop music you just want to buy copies to  hand out on street corners.  Listening to &quot;September Gurls,&quot;  &quot;You Get What You Deserve,&quot; or &quot;The Ballad of El Goodo&quot;  for the first time is like stumbling into heaven.  Sure, some of this is a  little dated (though much less so than, say, Badfinger), but most holds up  considerably well."))
(5.0, (u'B000001Y6V', u'I have been a fan of Bush from the first time that I heard Machinehead.  This band is the best thing to come out of England since the Beatles.  They  have a unique sound that puts the listener into a energetic mood.  I feel  that my favorite song by Bush is Comedown.  This song puts into words the  reluctance that someone feels when they are brought out of a terrific mood  by a depressing event.  All in all, Bush is the band that helped me to  explore the alternative rock genre and I thank them for that because I have  now become an avid fan of many rock groups.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000020ZI', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  The centerpiece of the so-called &quot;Elephant 6  Collective,&quot; a group of bands who share ideas and, occasionally, band  members and recording facilities.  All of these bands share a reverence for  Sgt. Pepper-era Beatles and Pet Sounds-era Beach Boys.  The Apples in  Stereo make music that is readily accessible, avoiding the psychedelic  excesses of some of their peers. Tone Soul Evolution, their third album, is  chock full of shimmery, lush psychedelic power pop, with catchy hooks and  off-kilter twists.  It's yummy, it's inconsequential, like a box of Nerds  candy.  Fans of Magical Mystery Tour and late-period XTC will love this, as  may some fans of Pavement."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025HU', u'Pop Kulcher Review:  While their 1977 self-titled debut was the best punk  album ever (perhaps less monumental but holds up better than Never Mind the  Bollocks...), London Calling represents flat-out rock and roll at its very  best.  Forget the concept of the desert island top ten -- London Calling is  the only truly indisposable album in my collection.  After a slow start  (the so-so title track and 2 less than stellar tunes), the album kicks into  high gear with one killer song after another, from the infectious guitar  riff-rock of &quot;Rudie Can\'t Fail&quot; and &quot;Spanish Bombs&quot; to  the punk anthems &quot;Clampdown&quot; and "Death or Glory," the latter  already showing the band jaded by the commercialization of punk (as  emphasized in one of the most memorable lines in all of rock, "He who f****  nuns will later join the church").  And just when the band starts to slow  down with a few duds, they fire off one of the finest pure pop songs ever,  the album-closing (and unlisted) &quot;Train in Vain.&quot;  While other  albums may fall in and out of favor depending on my mood, London Calling is  the one that will always have me shouting along.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003S0U', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Eno gets a lot of attention these days as the  &quot;Godfather of Ambient,&quot; as well as for his prolific production  work (most notably for U2 and the Talking Heads). But he also had a series  of great, oddball rock albums in the mid-'70's, following his departure  from Roxy Music. After two interesting but still somewhat traditional rock  albums, this was his first real merging of traditional pop/rock structures  with quiet, instrumental ambient soundscapes. He manages to go back and  forth between beautiful, imagery-rich instrumentals and sweet, moving vocal  tracks. &quot;St. Elmo's Fire&quot; (not to be confused with the terrible  song from the terrible '80's movie) alone is worth the price of admission,  from Eno's electronic rhythms and understated vocals to Robert Fripp's  hypnotic guitar leads. One of the rare albums where you can throw on some  headphones, shut your eyes, and literally be transported to a tranquil  place for 40 minutes."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TAJ', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  A band whose influence on modern  &quot;alternative&quot; rock cannot be overstated, Sonic Youth completely  deconstructed traditional rock music, using novel guitar tunings, feedback,  and just general cacaphony to create a harsh but riveting sound. It all  coheres on Sister, where they tie their sound to more focused song  structures, coming up with a handful of outstanding rock &amp; roll tunes.  &quot;Catholic Block,&quot; &quot;Stereo Sanctity,&quot;  &quot;Pipeline,&quot; and the obscure punk cover &quot;Hot Wire My  Heart&quot; are all rollicking good fun (and ideal for full volume play in  the car with the windows down). The use of older amplifiers and recording  equipment results in a warm, intimate feel missing from most of today's  digitized, overproduced cd's.  While subsequent releases grew gradually  more relaxed and -- dare I say it? -- accessible, Sister manages to be edgy  but still ultimately quite enjoyable."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZDA', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  A refreshing comeback from some of my favorite  Southern jangle-popsters after a few lackluster albums.  While Still Life  may not pack in quite as many unforgettable hooks as their two masterpieces  from a decade ago (Boylan Heights and Fun &amp; Games), there are enough  catchy tunes here to make the album one of the year's clear stand-outs.  The trademark tender vocals and interwoven jangle &amp; buzz guitars are  front and center.  If you still haven't discovered the Connells -- one of  the few bands equally appealing to fans of R.E.M.-styled alternative guitar  pop and lighter Lilith Fair-styled modern folk -- here's a good place to  start."))
(5.0, (u'B000000DP8', u"I've read more than a few reviews of this album which relegate it to  second-rate status.  I couldn't disagree more--this album contains some of  Moby Grape's finest work and it holds together nicely as a whole.  Certainly some of their most beautiful songs are here (Rose-Colored Eyes,  He) as well as the out-and-out blues rockers (Murder in My Heart, Can't Be  So Bad), some country, blues, folk--this band was in a word amazing.  Even  the jams (which originally were on a separate bonus album)hold up under  repeated listenings.  If you dig American music in any of its variations,  this is a must for any collection!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000036R8', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Jump-starting the '90's with a firm kick-in-the-a**,  Pavement represents rock deconstruction at its best, taking basic guitar  pop and introducing elements of discordance and artiness.  In other words,  they're one of the most innovative post-Sonic Youth bands, only with a tad  less noise and quirkier lyrics.  I first heard Pavement when they opened  for Sonic Youth several years back, in one of the few instances I can  recall in which the opening band blew the headliner off the stage.  I  literally ran out the next morning and bought Slanted and Enchanted, their  first full-length album, and found it every bit as compelling as their live  act.  Songs like &quot;Trigger Cut,&quot; &quot;Summer Babe,&quot; and  &quot;In the Mouth a Desert&quot; are catchy in the extreme, the sort of  things you get stuck in your head all day and can't stop humming.  Other  stand-outs include &quot;Two States,&quot; a rousing little Fall rip-off,  and &quot;Here,&quot; probably the niftiest &quot;ballad&quot; (in the  loosest sense) they've managed to pull off.  Even the weakest tracks offer  something new and different, making this undoubtedly the most interesting  album of the decade.  The faint of heart may want to start with the  follow-up cd, Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain, a more polished affair that is  equally chock full o' pop nuggets but with a little less chaos."))
(5.0, (u'B000002L8C', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Second only to R.E.M. as the best American rock band  of the '80's, the  Replacements left a legacy of great albums.  While their  much-heralded Let It Be has some of their finest moments, from the yearning  &quot;Unsatisfied&quot; to the poppy &quot;I Will Dare,&quot; my loyalty is  with the follow-up, Tim, which features some of the best songwriting this  side of Dylan and the Beatles.  &quot;Bastards of Young&quot; and  &quot;Little Mascara&quot; are remarkably moving slacker-generation  anthems; &quot;Left of the Dial&quot; is the most heartfelt ode to college  radio you'll ever hear; and ballads like &quot;Swinging Party&quot;  foreshadow some of the amazing rock ballads songwriter Paul Westerberg  would come up with on later records.  While the band's punk roots are still  evident, this album owes more to the Rolling Stones than to the Sex  Pistols, which may be why Tim has such a timeless quality to it."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LGL', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Not a happy album, by any stretch, but ideal for days  you just wanna mope around in the dark. Joy Division elevated the bass-line  to prominence, coupling driving bass-riffs with Ian Curtis's Jim  Morrison-like baritone, intense lyrics, and haunting studio effects to  create a truly unique sound. Later &quot;goth&quot; bands from Bauhaus to  the Cure owe a huge debt to Joy Division, as do bands from U2 (who ripped  off a Joy Division guitar line for &quot;I Will Follow&quot;) to Nine Inch  Nails. Tunes like &quot;Disorder,&quot; &quot;She's Lost Control&quot; and  &quot;Interzone&quot; are rudimentary and catchy (owing to the band's punk  roots) but transcend the simple riffs on which they are built. Others, like  &quot;New Dawn Fades&quot; and &quot;Shadowplay,&quot; are downright spooky  and cut you to the bone with their intensity."))
(5.0, (u'6304698763', u'Ive been a big fan of the spawn comic book since the very first issue.  Living in England its not so easy to get hold of the books, or this  animated series. The unrated version is fantastic, a really good move from  the book to the screen, all the darkness as been brought to us in this dvd.  The extra features such as the extra audio track that runs along with the  show by Todd is great, lots of interesting stuff here. I really recomend  this dvd to all spawn fans especially all of us in england who dont want to  pay a fortune for the vhs tapes of it. I cant wait for season 2.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000001I0A', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Think back to the garbage that clogged the airwaves  in the early '80's -- Kajagoogoo? Nena? Then along comes this little band  out of Athens, Georgia, playing Byrds-like jangly guitars with post-punk  disregard of musical (and vocal) virtuosity. Probably as close to perfect  as an album can get -- you'll have an impossible time programming your cd  player to skip the filler tracks. It's hard to imagine college without this  album; pardon the gross cliche, but this one was the soundtrack of my life  for awhile. Most of the tracks, from the anthemic &quot;Radio Free  Europe&quot; to the riveting &quot;Sitting Still&quot; to the sweet  &quot;Catapult,&quot; work equally well as crank-em-up party tunes and as  turn-em-down mellowing out music. Stipe's vocals, as on most of their  earlier output, render the lyrics essentially indecipherable, but the bits  that get through are striking and affecting; in any event, his voice works  more as a fourth instrument, complementing the band musically. What can I  say; if you don't own this, you may as well just write off the entire  decade."))
(5.0, (u'B000002952', u"This CD is simply awe inspiring.  Alternatively sweet, rhythmic, punchy,  and fun, the ballads are pleasant and durable.  What I really appreciate is  the quality of the music and the musicians.  Clearly these people know the  genre they are playing and have rehearsed enough (or had enough excellent  production work) to sound musical, coherent, synergistic and precise.  I  love the way Gloria highlights different musical styles with several 'pure  play' pieces (Si Senor, Mi Tierra).  As with pure varietal wines, the  flavor is authentic and revealing.  If you appreciate music, you'll love  this CD -- it's Gloria's best in my opinion."))
(5.0, (u'B000006HD8', u"Eye of The Storm was originally released by the UK lavel called Music For  Nations in 1996 and was available as an import in Japan.This album was  highly estimated here and chosen as one of the best CD released in '96.In  fact,Its' huge popularity made it possible the release of the Japanese  album even after a year long strong sales of the imported one. This album  is covered with beautiful melody and possitive messages which make  listeners happy!!American people,please listen to this album and  remember the time you used to love Meloic Music in '70s and '80s. The  review of this album on the Burrn magazine in Japan ended up like this: If  Journey reunions,they won't be able to make such an excellent album. This  is an ideal of Melodic Music.. I think this express enough how great this  album is. Let's support such a great album and hope that we can listen to  their 3rd soon...From.Japan..."))
(5.0, (u'B000009D33', u'This CD is what I have been waiting for. As a person who listens to the  Prime of My Life CD almost daily, I consider myself to be a big Hyman fan.  After the disappointing I Refuse To Be Lonely release, this CD is  appreciated that much more. I judge Hyman CDs based on the number of  &quot;classic&quot; tracks. That is, tracks like &quot;Meet Me on the  Moon&quot;, &quot;Old Friend&quot;, &quot;Betcha Golly Wow&quot;,ect... The  classic on this CD is &quot;Funny How Love Goes&quot;. I LOVE THIS SONG! I  agree with the first post concerning the rest of the album. However, I  believe that this one song is worth the price of admission. It is a MUST  BUY.'))
(5.0, (u'B000009OGW', u'Pop Kulcher Review:  Phair came out of nowhere with one of the most  memorable albums of the decade (1993\'s Exile in Guyville), followed it up  with the more polished but less acclaimed Whip-Smart, and then took four  years off to start a family -- thereby missing out on the whole strong  woman/Lilith Fair cash cow she in large part inspired.  Now she\'s back,  with an album drawing mixed reviews from critics.  To which I say:  ignore  those idiots.  This is a great album, a shoo-in for the year-end top 10  lists.  Yes, she\'s replaced Exile`s lo-fi modesty with a more commercial  sheen, and the brutal sexual politics that populated Exile have been pretty  much dropped for the suburban character sketches and relationship  explorations found on Whip-Smart.  But her lyrical honesty, down-to-earth  (i.e. less than perfect, but getting much smoother) vocals and homey guitar  sound continue to set her apart from the likes of Sheryl Crow, Paula Cole,  etc. who have risen to stardom during her absence.  The album has a few  radio-friendly pop ditties (the uncharacteristically chipper &quot;Big Tall  Man&quot; and the wonderful "Polyester Bride"), though the real gems are  the tunes that start simple but build towards greatness ("Uncle Alvarez,"  "Only Son," "Ride," "What Makes You Happy").  Sure, some of the slower  tunes look great on the lyric sheet but are rather dull in execution  (something which also marred Exile and Whip-Smart), but, hey, that\'s why  you need a programmable cd player.  Bottom line, a fine and enjoyable  album.'))
(5.0, (u'B000005AMD', u"I've loved Hans Zimmer's music for years now ('Crimson Tide', 'Drop Zone',  'The Rock', 'Backdraft' and more) and this soundtrack to what I consider to  be an excellent film helps in ways you cannot possibly imagine.  The 4th  track, which details the helicopter action scene near the end of the film  is one of the best pieces of music I've ever heard.  7 minutes into it the  chorus kicks in, and it sends a chill of delight down my spine every time I  hear it.  His use of rising strings and percussion is a truly wondrous  talent of his, and I will treasure this soundtrack until the day I die.  Thank you Hans."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G8W', u"Herb Alpert &amp; the Tijuana Brass soared to the top of the charts with  catchy, spirited tunes. Not only was the TJB a lot of fun to listen to, but  they also made some important music. This collection has it all. From the  real crowd noises recorded in the Tijuana bullring on &quot;Lonely  Bull&quot;, to the swinging versions of &quot;Taste Of Honey&quot; and  &quot;I'm Getting Sentimental Over You&quot;, to the ultimate ballad  &quot;This Guy's In Love With You&quot;, this is a no-brainer for a music  collection. Not only does this showcase Alpert's arranging style, but also  his producer skills. This will bring back some very pleasant memories of  the 60's. Wonderful stuff!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GA9', u'While the album cover is the first thing that grabs you, it is the music  that is incredible. Herb Alpert collected a bunch of food titles and put  his own arranging skills to work. &quot;A Taste Of Honey&quot; is the  perfect pop-jazz tune, as is &quot;Lollipops And Roses&quot; which - along  with the title tune - was used on the Dating Game. &quot;Love Potion  #9&quot; is a sexy romp, and &quot;Butterball&quot; has a upbeat Dixie  feel. This album shows that instrumental music has a lot of crossover  possibilities. Alpert always had a flair with instrumental music, and this  is one of his better efforts. Great recording!'))
(5.0, (u'B000002NE4', u"Has Nick Cave written a Christian cd? The Boatman's Call is certainly rife  with religious symbolism, but then so are many of his past albums as well  as his novel And The Ass Saw The Angel. But this time it does feel  different. Is this a contrite apology for Murder Ballads? Is it something  that has always been there only seemingly distorted by Cave's satyr-like  persona and interest in the more morbid aspects of existence? There Is A  Kingdom is akin to a psalm, but to Christ or, to himself? Is the boatman of  the Lime-Tree Arbour the mythical Charon? Cave has always worked with  Christian imagery, the dilemman and enigma here lie in the artistic  distance between 1982's Big Jesus Trash Can and There Is A Kingdom. But  that is also the distance of fifteen years! This cd is hypnotically  beautiful, eminently listenable, it is a dark dream from which to awaken  with hope. It is a love letter, both to and from the one who knows jilted  rage and fulfilled ecstasy. I hope Cave knows that if you allow  the  Boatman to take  you across the River of Death you had best hide your  silver coins inside your mouth so that you may pay him to ferry you back!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002OGY', u"This album and Flyer are two titles I can't imagine myself getting sick of  or growing out of; this is the kind of cd that sneaks back into my cd  player cyclically. Songs are alternately comforting, funny, bitter,  sad...although Nanci didn't write all of them, my favorite is an original,  the title cut. The songs are a little less folky than many of her others,  but I find them to be very soulful and excellent company in almost any  mood. This is definitely one of the two or three cds I own that makes me  grateful that I can purchase music."))
(5.0, (u'B000002OSR', u"I discovered Todd Snider about 3 years ago, my brother brought the cd home  and made my mom and I sit down and listen to it, (we are forever in your  debt Alex).  The song, &quot;You think you know somebody&quot; touched my  heart so deeply, that tears come to my eyes most times i hear it.  i have  to give a recomidation here (sorry, i really can't spell) if you liked Todd  Snider, than you will probably like John Hiatt.  He is awsome.  Stolen  Moments will do just fine as your first john album, but always keep todd  snider in your cd player."))
(5.0, (u'B000003O8H', u"I bought this CD in June the day after seeing the band perform at a Celtic  Festival here in town. The live show was the most fun I've had at a concert  in quite a while. And the CD picks up where the show left off. It has been  virtually a daily listen, and I'm still not tired of it. They play the  range from toe-tapping rock (&quot;It Won't Be Tonight&quot;, &quot;What A  Day&quot;) to ballads about first love (&quot;Red Cortina&quot;) and  sharing tender moments (&quot;Share the Darkness&quot;). This will be near  the top of my playlist for a long time to come."))
(5.0, (u'B000000IRB', u"Pink Floyd's DSOTM is one of the very best albums of all time. The best  album by the best band in the world. It's a classic that will continue to  open the ears and minds of music listeners for generations to come. The  album is not effected by age and changing fads and music styles. The album  is meant to be listened to all the way throught because the album is a  masterpiece that was carefully constructed to give the listener the best  possible experiance. Though best when heard all the way through, individual  songs like Time, Money, and Brain Damage are incredible, incredible works  along with the other songs. The album contains wonderful music some with  amazing words and others by themselves to make inspiering instrumentals.  The album is best to listen to at 4:20. If you play the album along with  the movie, &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot;, after the lions third roar, it  will go along with the movie. Believe buy this album and try it. NO MUSIC  COLLECTION IS A MUSIC COLEECTION WITHOUT IT!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003F2N', u"I feel very lucky to say that I have been in a  production of  &quot;Island&quot;. A year ago, I played Asaka, Mother of the Earth in my  college production of &quot;Island&quot;. All I can say is, if you don't  own this CD don't hesitate another minute!! The music is thought provoking,  exciting, and most of all FUN!! Whenever I'm in a down mood all I need to  do is pop in my &quot;Once on this Island&quot; CD and travel to a distant  place where I laugh, smile, and cry! I recommend this CD, not only, to  musical enthusiasts, but also to those who may have never thought of owning  a soundtrack to a Broadway show."))
(5.0, (u'630450392X', u"Fans of old-style musicals, where characters break into song mid-sentence,  should not be put off by fear of having to put up with too much of the  trademark &quot;Woody whining&quot;.  This movie is in fact a joyous  celebration of loves old and new and the spirit lifting power of song and  music.  Set to the usual array of glorious standards, all the movies'  stars, save Drew Barrymore, croon classic romantic ballads and the result  is wildly, if not surprisingly, successful.  Accomplished vets Goldie Hawn  and Alan Alda are polished; celebrated newcomers Edward Norton and Billy  Crudup can add another talent to their growing resumes; and even the  weakest voices (Tim Roth, Julia Roberts, and Woody himself) acquit  themselves charmingly.  Though a decided departure for Allen, EVERYONE SAYS  I LOVE YOU is a must for his fans and for hopeless romantics as well.  Of  course, that means you.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000026WB', u'it was my first touch with the oils,and it was really great!!!. Despite  his pop sound, the album is a complete compilation of protest international  music; when you hear &quot;one country&quot; you wish it was an anthem for  the world. The great asset of this album is the passion of the music and  the vision of the lyrics. i think that the best way to understand  &quot;blue sky mining&quot; is to get into the lyrics and learn from them.  At the end, the album is a 10 song lesson from five australian teachers who  have nearly 20 years of experience in the topic. If you listen carefully,  you will learn a lot&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; It is a must in the contemporary alternative  music.'))
(5.0, (u'B000006MX5', u"So, browsing in my local record shop, this CD caught my eye. Hadn't heard  it, hadn't heard of it, but something spoke to me. Bought it, took it home-  loved it! This is truly the sound track to a classic 1960's British film  that, unfortunately, hasn't been made (yet?). Seeing that the first couple  of tracks included samples from The Ipcress File and Get Carter, two of my  favourite films bode well for it, and I wasn't disappointed. This album  lives in that curious timeslip where you find The Avengers, Adam Adamant  Lives! and The Prisoner, but also William Orbit, The Sneaker Pimps and Air.  If you enjoy 60's Brit oddness, but like the Indie/Alternative music scene,  buy this album- you won't regret it, honest..."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OXT', u"My mom, dad, and brother had the pleasure of having dinner with John  Hiatt, many years ago. When I was much younger, I went to one of his  concerts, and i still remember it clearly.  This man is perhaps the only  artist that my family will all listen to without bickering over.  He has a  style all of his own, this album at this price is a steal, so is riding  with the king, stolen moments, slow turning, any john hiatt cd that you  don't have but find: BUY IT! I urge you to, and believe me, you won't  regret it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTX', u'Rhodes is a singer-songerwriter multiinstrumentalist with an awesome  5-octave range and powerful story-telling skills.  On this cd--her first  major label release--she brings to fruition her unique synthesis of  electronic music and complex vocal harmonies.  "100 Years", the opener,  illustrates her technique perfectly:  a tapestry of computerized blips and  bleeps form the background for a texturized ambient piece; her voice leaps  from a soprano, highly reminescient of Kate Bush to a deeper register:  think Grace Jones or Annie Lennox.  The lyrics are written from the point  of view of a decaying computer.  The song ends with wordless,  classical-inflected swoops.  The title track begans with a low, humming  mantra, with synopated chirrups, over which her low, sensual range intones  a hynpnotic melody.  Most of the tracks of the album follow in a similar  vein: lush, electronic soundscapes are crafted for her awesome instrument,  with dark and philosophical lyrics.  Her themes are primarily about various  aspects of conciousness and the search for self.  The percussion ranges  from programmed drums, to "real" drums and clanking/clattering  sound-effects.  Her use of samples is impressive and nearly seamless.  Highly recommended for fans of Kate Bush, Peter Gabriel, and Jane Siberry.'))
(5.0, (u'1565073568', u"I have used this book heavily to build my library of classics.  It is an  annotated book list divided into Christian, non-Christian, and Children's  literature and by historical periods:  The Ancient World, The Middle Ages,  The Early Modern World (The Reformation, Renaissance), The Eighteenth  Century, The Nineteenth Century, The Twentieth Century, and Contemporary  Candidates for Greatness.  Parents, such as myself, will greatly appreciate  the separate chapter and list dedicated solely to Children's literature.  I  have used this chapter to collect quality books for my children.Glaspey  gives you a short commentary on each book (and excerpts from some authors),  and tells you how best to make use of the reading lists he provides.  He  also gives good reasons why Christians should read non-Christian books.  Also provided is a list of ten books which he feels every Christian ought  to know.  Included are books by C.S. Lewis, Dostoevsky, Augustine and Tozer  among others.This is a book for Christian biblioholics to savor.  It was  through this book that I discovered some of my favorites such as &quot;A  Testament of Devotion&quot; by Thomas Kelly, and Christian authors such as  Walker Percy, Alexander Solzhenitsyn, and Flannery O'Connor.  Many books he  names, Christian and non-Christian, I already knew and read and others,  such as books by Norman Geisler, I was disappointed to find missing.  But  overall, this is an excellent resource and one that is unique.  Highly  recommended."))
(5.0, (u'630482615X', u'Judi Dench, first lady of the British theatre, portrays Queen Victoria in  this capitvating film. Much of the acting is remarkable--Dame Judi Dench  knows how to build and sustain a character through all the &quot;slings and  arrows of outrageous fortune.&quot; The depth of feeling that she displays  -- in sorrow and in joy -- speaks of an actress who knows her craft well  and takes the time to practice it.  &quot;Mr. Brown&quot; and the officials  of the court are well portrayed; here again one marvels at how well the  characters are built and sustained.  A first rate piece of work.  Well  done!  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000007NDA', u"From the opening track, &quot;One Week&quot;, and its rhythmic magic and  lyrical genius, you can tell that this album is truly a masterpiece.  But  &quot;One Week&quot; is far from the only &quot;happening tune&quot; on  this album.  In true Barenaked Ladies fashion, every song is outstanding,  and unique.  Second on the CD is the feel-good '60s-style &quot;It's All  Been Done&quot;, which is reminisent of the Brady Bunch and the Partridge  Family, but good.  Next, &quot;Light Up My Room&quot; is a melodically  soothing ballade that far surpasses the boring monotonous efforts of other  groups to attemp this style of song.  Fourth on the disc is another  pinnacle, &quot;I'll Be That Girl&quot;.  Very catchy, it has a sort of  mysterious sound that is sure to have listeners crying for more.  Next  comes the country twang sound of &quot;Leave&quot;.  It is craftily mixed  to attract country fans and country haters alike and is simply another  style the Ladies have perfected.  The album's sixth track is one of the  groups all time greatest.  &quot;Alcohol&quot; recreates the magic of  &quot;The Old Appartment&quot; with its beat, and gets the blood pumping  with its envigorating energy.  Throw in the Ladies' witty lyrics and it  becomes an instant classic.  Seventh is the love-torn tune &quot;Call and  Answer&quot;, from which emenates a rarely created feel-good melancholy.  Next is the techno hit &quot;In The Car&quot;, which combines Beach Boys  Style surfer attitude, a great chorus, and sexy, subtly racy lyrics.  Track  nine, &quot;Never Is Enough&quot;, is a pure example of BNL's lyrical  genius, combining youthful free spirit with an addictingly different sound.  Following this gem is &quot;Who Needs Sleep&quot;, with a beat that will  have the whole family head-banging in no time.  It is another exibition of  the Ladies' immortality in music.  The eleventh track, &quot;Told You  So&quot;, has an alternative rhyme pattern and artful lyrics that make it  super duper!  &quot;Some Fantastic&quot; adds yet another highly melodic  and brilliantly-worded hit to BNL's arsenal that will keep you in a great  mood for hours and simply make you want to dance!  To end the album,  &quot;When You Dream&quot; is perhaps the only mediocre song that BNL has  ever come out with.  It is decent, but not up to their normal God-like  wizardry.  It in no way retracts, though, from the awesomeness of this CD.  It is possibly one of the top five CDs of all time and its a must have for  any sane individual, especially a fan of the Barenaked Ladies' earlier  works.  Enjoy!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000163G', u"This is an album that all hip-hop fans are bound to appreciate. Pac's  lyrical skill and raw talent remain constant throughout, whilst the album  itself takes us through a whole series of moods and atmospheres, all  revolving around this untamed  artist and his world. A host of rap  heavyweights feature (Redman, Method Man, Snoop), adding dynamism to an  already potent piece of hip-hop artistry. There are tracks to suit all  tastes; with west coast as well as east coast flavours, hard as well as  upbeat tunes, in Pac's own inimitable style. Each track is the memorable  legacy  of an irreplacable rapper, and girls and guys alike will find  themselves drawn to this artist who, despite his critics and enemies,  blasted the world with his voice."))
(5.0, (u'B000002537', u"Yes..I know, I already gave praise to Captured Angel, but I must tell you,  I own this recording on 2 cassettes, 2 vinyl albums, 1 Eight-Track tape(for  those of you who would listen, you know what an 8track is/was)and 2 cd's;  at one point, I believe I even had it on reel-to-reel!! This was the first  Dan Fogelberg album I ever owned, given as a birthday present by my  brother.  I think you can guess I love it!!! Whenever I hear &quot;Part Of  The Plan&quot; on the radio I just stop and smile.  I've seen Dan perform  live in several places across the country, and, WHEW, when he ends with  &quot;There's A Place In The World For A Gambler&quot; it is an awsome  event!!!!!!!!! Get this recording; you'll thank me &quot;To The  Morning&quot; (oops, that's from HOME FREE !!!!)"))
(5.0, (u'B00000256G', u"I first heard Leonard Cohen when I was 14 in the movie Pump up the Volume.  Immediatly I was impressed with the knock out lyrical and musical talent  that this deep-voiced singer seemed to produce magicly from somewhere on  the other side of my television set.  The lyrics and mood of &quot;If It Be  Your Will&quot; and &quot;Everybody Knows&quot; (both on this album) amazed  me with their way of reaching into you and telling you what's in there.  I  added this album to my collection, and showed it to everybody I know.  I  lent it to a friend and it was promptly never seen again.  I bought it  again, stolen again.  I bought it yet again, and due to strict  no-lending-policies, I still have it.  So, if you want an album with  beautiful music, haunting melodies, and thoughtful, touching lyrics, buy  this album immediatly. (Just make sure not to lend it out, lest you never  see it again!)"))
(5.0, (u'B000005JB4', u".....then this should be it.  Running the full gamut of his  idiosyncracies, the Spotlight Kid explores some of the same territory as  the indigestible classic, Trout Mask Replica, while Clear Spot is the  palatable end of his &quot;commercial&quot; output.  Featuring the classic  Magic Band line-up of Winged Eel Fingerling, Zoot Horn Rollo, Rockette  Morton and Ed Marimba, there is such a wealth of weird and wonderful  instrumental and lyrical invention, this music exists in a field of its  own, undated and unchallenged in twenty five years.  Highlights of the  earlier tracks are the bluesy rumble of the opener, &quot;I Wanna  Booglerize You, Baby&quot; thro' the majesty of &quot;When It Blows Its  Stacks&quot; to the gentle beauty of the instrumental, &quot;Peon.&quot;  Although fans of Clear Spot love the Captain's dark version of blue-eyed  soul, the gems are at the end. That moment when Mr. Zoot Horn Rollo 'hits  that long, lunar note and lets it float' in Big Eyed Beans,is one of the  defining moments of this writers life in music. Golden Birdies, the closer  is a showcase for a wonderfully cryptic lyric with a sombre percussive  soundtrack. Don Van Vliet, the Captain, gave up music for painting almost  twenty years ago. Somebody else can be the judge of whether that is the art  world's gain, but music has sorely missed his brand of uncompromising  weirdness and beauty ever since."))
(5.0, (u'B000005Q95', u"Derrick Carter is no doubt one of the smoothest Dj's around. Known all  over the world, Derrick's sound is quite unique.  Hard, soft, fast, slow,  sporadic, and everything you can expect from a Dj.  I heard this album at  it release in Chicago, where I had to get it.  This was one of the first  albums on a CD format that had a true House feel that you'd expect from a  tape. Every song was either classic or on the verge of being discovered.  (There even is a version of &quot;The only way&quot; included but not on  the track listings.)  The album has Derrick Carter (aka Chicago) written  all over it, with the crazy vocal intro to the tight mixing and diversity  of tracks.  Cosmic Disco is a definite add on to any collection or a must  for starters."))
(5.0, (u'B000003CKM', u"As John Bell (JB) croons on &quot;Contentment Blues&quot;, a new addition  to the Capricorn release of &quot;Space Wrangler&quot;, &quot;I love my  chicken&quot; you know you've stumbled upon some Southern-fried goodness  that would make a certain Colonel roll over in his grave!  There is  something to be said for a band that can sing songs about all-American  subjects such as baseball, cold beers and fried chicken.  Yet the  complexity of the jams far exceeds the intentional simplicity of some of  their lyrical concepts.In the canon of Widespread Panic, &quot;Space  Wrangler&quot; is perhaps most often mentioned as the favorite album.  And  with good reason - it contains quintessential Panic material including  &quot;Chilly Water&quot;, the title cut, and &quot;Porch Song&quot; which  includes the refrain &quot;Havin' a good time/Here today&quot; and has been  aptly and affectionately dubbed 'Panic's Theme'.  It also contains the  first song that the band wrote together - the catchy tune, with a  not-so-subtle Grateful Dead influence, &quot;Coconut&quot;.  Incidently,  &quot;Coconut&quot; is played only on special occasions (Halloween, for  one) but was a staple of old live performances.  Not to be overlooked on  this album are the incredible renditions of J.J. Cale's &quot;Travelin'  Light&quot; and all-time country blues legend Robert Johnson's &quot;Me and  the Devil Blues&quot;.  Panic friend David Blackmon accompanies the boys on  fiddle just in case you had forgotten some of their roots.Anyway, if  you want something that tastes good, this is a real treat.  Mmmm...&quot;my  chicken tastes good&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SAJ', u"I love this CD.  My daughter uses it to go to sleep, and also to wake up  in the morning.  I listen to it at work and in the car and find it a  wonderful salve for the pressures of daily life.  Although it's quiet and  relaxing, the music is also interesting, making it a good choice for  relaxing day time listening as well as for help your little one (or you)  fall asleep easily.From the title you might guess that it's children's  music, but all except one of the tracks (which is contemporary) it is all  classical pieces beautifully played and recorded.  Three of the tracks are  the suite &quot;Children's Cradle&quot;, which was created for this CD by  Sergio Assad, and they're worth the whole CD.  The remaining 14 tracks are  pieces from various composers.  The sound quality is just perfect, and the  playing is beautiful.Sadly, the 3 parts of the beautiful  &quot;Children's Cradle&quot; do not appear in order on the CD.  The  producers tried to arrange the tracks with the busiest pieces occuring  first and the quietest tracks occuring last.  That means that to hear the  suite as it was written, you must program your CD to play tracks 6, 7, and  1 in that order.  Most strangely, the track &quot;Sunday Morning  Overcast&quot; appears fairly late in the CD (track 11 out of 17), although  it is one of the livelier pieces.  Its contemporary sound is also oddly out  of place on this CD of mostly classical pieces, although it is a beautiful  piece in its own right.  These are minor flaws in an otherwise perfect CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SAV', u"I could not say enough good things about this album.  I am thrilled that  Setzer continues to release kickin' rockabilly music.  There's something to  be said about an album I could play practically 24/7.  &quot;The Dirty  Boogie,&quot; &quot;Hot Tin Roof,&quot; and &quot;As Long As I'm  Singin,&quot; rate as my favorite tracks, although the arrangement of  &quot;Rock This Town&quot; was a close contender.  I was fortunate enough  to catch a live performance in San Francisco on August 15th, and the CD was  nearly as good as the performance.  (Nothing could top that show, though!)  This CD, in addition to &quot;Guitar Slinger,&quot; are both essential to  any swing/rockabilly collection!  Enjoy!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000004V2', u'Casting back to 1989, it seems strange not to remember the exact moment  this album first enchanted the ears. Today, of course, it\'s a  permanent fixture of my musical conscience. It touches places  in the heart you never knew existed, and the way it speaks to so many  different emotions is almost frightening. Some of the best music  communicates what we already know. Then there is music that changes the way  we listen to music--forever. This record is both. On first  listen, these songs probably won\'t strike you as original or  ground-breaking. The Byrds done by four lads from Manchester? Well, watch your back. Every song here is a fierce grower.  Squire\'s guitar always works in service of the tune. His sense of  melody is flawless. Even Brown\'s modest voice announces itself with utter  confidence. Ultimately, though, it\'s Reni\'s crisp, shuffled beats that make  it all so distintive--like a jazz drummer who happened upon a rock band  rehearsal, then folded it all together with effortless style.  This self-titled debut is endlessly fascinating, unfailingly engaging. The  towering singles--"She Bangs The Drums," "Elephant  Stone," "Fool\'s Gold"--are all here, but so are the  heaven-sent "Don\'t Stop" and "My Sugar-Spun Sister." If you\'ve always been cynical of the hype surrounding British bands this could  change your mind forever. Only hearts of stone will fail to be moved.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002KHB', u"This is perhaps one of the best-sounding CDs I have ever heard.  I grew up  on the album, and, in fact, went through 2 copies.  Thus, I thought I knew  it pretty well.  The first CD version of the original album was 1 of my  first CDs, but it rather disappointed me as it was not much of an  improvement on the original album, if at all.  This re-issue, however, goes  way beyond just remastering.  The remixes on Disc 1 bring out the interplay  of guitar and organ like you've never heard it before, in effect making the  songs new again.  Drums and bass are both given resounding punch, and the  vocals will move you.  The overall sound is cleaner and crisper than ever,  yet not to the point of being sterile.  You can really feel the emotion and  tension in that Swiss hotel-made-studio, I swear.  Disc 2 is the original  album, beautifully remastered for CD.  This one will always be in my  Most-Played rack.  It's a model for re-issues."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LGN', u"There probably isn't another album that offers the listener such  sharply-focussed portraits of personal confusion, quiet rage, and brave,  poignant resignation--all played out on a canvas so vast and wind-swept it  threatens to swallow you whole. At times, these songs sound so intimate you  can hardly believe Ian Curtis would make them available for public  consumption. If you respond to them at all, it's probably through a  realization that Joy Division hit a mainline into expressing humanity's  struggles with space and time. Does that sound pretentious? Listen, then  tell me I'm wrong. For the agnostic or the atheist, this is gospel music."))
(5.0, (u'0783228015', u'A &quot;must have&quot; for romance film lovers, with a captivating music  soundtrack by one of the greatest movie composers of all time (can you  guess who?).  Finally available on DVD WIDESCREEN, this is a true escape  experience for anyone with a good 60&quot; widescreen home theatre and  Dolby sound (or just put on those great Radio Shack headphones for an  out-of-city trip to the past).  Brief: Christopher Reeves goes back in time  (mind over matter) and finds himself in turn of the century Victorian New  England, all the time looking for a mysterious young lady that has endeared  a time-warp romance for two generations.  This is a film worth watching  several times for greater insight.  The soundtrack is also available on CD.  (From west of Glacier National Park, Montana, Jeremy &amp; Jean).  END'))
(5.0, (u'B00000AG9H', u"Soul Coughing fans: You are in for a treat.  For those of you who aren't  as familiar, well, I have a question: do you like that snazzy, foot moving  rhythm? do you like your music to be original, but still catchy? Soul  Coughing's added it more than ever in El Oso. Doughty reels out his  bizzare, mind-shifting lyrics with the voice of... well, to be perfectly  honest, the picture of ice cream, having been smushed onto a wall, slowly,  peacefully, yet almost angry, sliding down the white wash leaving a sticky  sweet trail pops into mind. Yuval starts the beat: simple and groovy, it  sets the stage for some back bending jivin'. Sebastian plucks his upright  bass, jazzy and harsh, starting your foot a-tappin'. Doughty kicks in a  little with his guitar, and Mark finishes the scene with his sampling,  tying it all together.  Now, everyone agrees: Irristable Bliss drifted  further from the Cough's first, fresh image, bringing sharper beats and  more tappin' feets, losing some of the original softer hep cat quality.  Again, they've drifted to the more sharp, but they've managed to slip some  of that original hep cat back in there, and they've still got us dancin'.  In short: lick your chops and get ready to groove."))
(5.0, (u'6302289009', u"A brilliant and brilliantly-realized film using modern film techniques to  evoke the best old films. A young woman suffering from amnesia and violent  nightmares turns to a cynical private detective to help her uncover not  only her present, but also explore her past, as they begin to suspect she's  been reincarnated after a violent murder in the '40's. Kenneth Branagh  directs a superb screenplay by Scott Frank and plays two roles (as does  Emma Thompson and a few bit players). The film is shot in black and white  AND color, with both stars using different accents and realizing two  complete performances each. Cleverly, the script has characters both  believing in -- and not believing in -- the idea of reincarnation, which  gives depth and balance to both cynics and romantics in the audience.  Beautiful film score by Patrick Doyle, which only heightens the melodrama.  Everything about this film is tops (including an uncredited performance by  Robin Williams -- and it's a gem). I'll never understand why it never  received a single Oscar nomination -- Hollywood, you've done it again! If  you truly love thrillers, this is one you can't afford to miss!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UA0', u"The first time I heard Piper I returned it to the CD store shelf...it  sounded NOTHING like &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; (Dark Side, Wall, etc.) Big  mistake--stop hurling insults with those stones.  Two self-deprived years  later I gave another listen; Dark Side and WYWH had to have come from  somewhere.  (&quot;Shine On You Crazy Diamond&quot; is about whom? Sid  who?)  Ohhh...my...  a careful listener will hear elements of all their  later masterpieces within this masterpiece album.  Any Floyd fan who  doesn't hear the genius of Syd Barrett couldn't be listening. (Listen to  &quot;Astronomy Domine.&quot; Remember when this was recorded. Listen  again. You're forgiven.) Forget about the &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; you think  you know and pretend this is another band if you must.  Accept it for what  it is, and soon you'll hear it for what it is: sublime genius."))
(5.0, (u'B000007QSE', u"Hi, I'm John and I'm a music major at the University of Northern Colorado.  I listen to many soundtracks, and this one happens to be one of my  favorites, other than the Black Cauldron.  Let's start off with the first  song, Anything Goes.  Everyone knows the english version of the song, but  the Chinese version is much better.  This song was very well written, and  is one of my favorites on the cd.  The themes that John Williams wrote for  these characters were much better than those in Raiders and the Last  Crusade.  Short Round has a very magnificent theme played by royal french  horns, Willie has a nice string-played love theme, Indy's is played by the  familiar adventurous trumpets, India and Pankot have a very eerie  mysterious theme, the slaves have a glorious dark arabic theme, and of  course the very dark and eerie temple chants of the kahli and Mola Ram.  Some good songs were missing, such as the bridge, but everything good was  kept.  One of the best songs in the whole cd (I have a lot of favorites) is  the mine cart chase.  It's a fast song, but the cool part about it is the  flutes and other instruments double-tounge very fast and only pros could do  it!  It's hard for me on my instrument to even try to double-tounge.  So  when you listen to the Mine Cart chase, listen for the extremely fast notes  that make the hairs on your neck stand on end.  It's a great soundtrack,  and I compliment John on this wonderful cd, which in my mind is his best  soundtrack ever."))
(5.0, (u'B000005AYL', u"B-A-D-U.. and i'm feeling all the Izm she sends my may.  The  self-proclaimed midwife to the future of hip hop this takes the genre to  places that many of us never knew existed in this day of female MC's  spouting about expensive clothes, fancy cars, random sex, and 'shakin they  a** half-naked'.  Although the mesmerizing woofer-shaking beats do get  slightly repetitive if you listen to the CD on repeat more than 8 times,  the message always comes  through loud and clear Ms. Badu's sultry alto.  One warning through, you may want to pull down the Bass response on your  system before playing anything past track 1...."))
(5.0, (u'B000000W5L', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  As someone who grew up with a barrage of Stones tunes  on classic rock radio, I don't have a whole lot of interest in their  Sixties-era output (best captured on the Hot Rocks collection), however  great and timeless it may be. Nor do I see much merit in their  occasionally-ok-but-largely-irrelevant output since the mid-70's. But  tucked right in the middle was a brief shining moment of glory that still  winds up in my cd player on a regular basis. Although the Stones, more so  even than the Beatles and the Kinks, had their origins in Anglicized  American R&amp;B music, it was not until Exile (or maybe the  nearly-as-great predecessor Sticky Fingers) that the Stones really sounded  like an American blues band, free of the lightweight pop that balanced  their harder edges in the earlier years. This made for solid, authentic  music that holds up even better today than it did twenty-five years ago.  Add to the mix guitarist Mick Taylor (who joined with Sticky Fingers),  whose guitar duels with Keith Richards made this the most interesting  period in the Stones' career, and you've got some unbelievable music. From  the opening notes of &quot;Rocks Off,&quot; you can tell that the Stones  have come up with a monster, an all-out assault of guitars and dueling  vocals (not to mention one of the most definitive rock &amp; roll lyrics of  the last thirty years: &quot;The sunshine bores the daylights out of  me&quot;). From there on, it's a flood of great songs, from killer rock  &amp; roll (the Richards-sung rave-up &quot;Happy,&quot; the sweetly  melodic &quot;All Down the Line&quot;) to quiet roots rock to Americanized  R&amp;B boogie. Not to mention &quot;Tumbling Dice,&quot; hands-down the  best Stones song in their thirty-year-plus history."))
(5.0, (u'B000000W9J', u"the fibbers' first full length album was universally hailed by critics as  one of the year's best, but failed to sell many records.  that few people  have heard them is a tragedy.  this is an amazing album, one that stabs at  your heart just in the violin intro, and keeps you in its grip through to  the end.  Singer Carla Bozulich is the focal point of the music, with her  deep and unconventional vocals, which are the most beautiful and  emotionally expressive vocals i have ever heard in rock.  Lyrically strong  as well as vocally, this album mainly deal's with Bozulich's past struggles  with heroin.  Not that the rest of the band is overshadowed on this record.  Lead guitarist Daniel Keenan plays several wonderful riffs on this album,  and violinist Jessy Greene and bassist Bill Tutton do wonders with their  bows.  No cd collection can be complete without the Geraldine Fibbers  intense, haunting, yet beautiful songs."))
(5.0, (u'B000000WED', u"I was fortunate enough to discover this album last year, and not too long  after the Geraldine Fibbers became my favorite band.  Whereas the Fibber's  sound could be described before this album with enough hyphens  (country-punk-pop, etc. . .) no amount of ineffective descriptions do their  sound on this album justice.  With virtuoso guitarist Nels Cline now in the  mix, the Fibbers decided to expand their already unique sound, particularly  lead singer Carla Bozulich and Cline's taste in avant-garde sonic youth  style noise.  The first song, California Tuffy, is catchy poppy song that  even hints at surf guitar, which is followed by two songs that are more  punk than anything else, but not like any punk you've ever heard before.  The country influence is scaled back somewhat from their previous album,  with the exception of two songs in the middle of the cd that are as country  as any George Jones cover the Fibbers ever recorded.  Jessy Greene's violin  has never been more terrifying or beautiful than on the completely  undefinable &quot;Arrow Through My Drunken Heart&quot;, while Bozulich  alludes to child abuse, a theme that occurs more than once.  If you manage  to survive that song without breaking down crying, the Fibbers reward you  with more upbeat old-fashioned love song called &quot;You Doo Right,&quot;  a cover of the proto-punk band Can.  Butch is easily the most diverse  and versatile album of the year, but some of the focus and flow of Lost  Somewhere Between the Earth and My Home was sacrificed to achieve it. An  album that truly fits all moods, if not all people."))
(5.0, (u'B00000258S', u"This was an album I wore the grooves out of before REO was even recgonized  as a national band. After  they hit it big, my friends in my new found home  of Cincinnati would say, &quot;Wow, you knew about these guys when they  were nobody!&quot; Where I came from in KC they were huge long before the  rest of the country woke up. A great concert band that could jam out hard  driving rock and roll with none of the commercialized syruppy fluff that  propelled them into ultimate  stardom. Their transformation as a cultish  band to mainstream megastardom is only surpassed in my mind by Genesis (of  course they had an excuse with the loss of Peter Gabriel and the  development of Phil Collins). If you are a later day REO fan, this album  will suprise you and shake you in your boots. &quot;Son of a poor man&quot;  is a classic cut that is totally unheard of, while &quot;Like you do&quot;  is one of the best sheer rock for the fun of it songs that you'll ever  spin. This is a classic rare find that probably will only be best  appreciated by those of you who grew up in the 70's and know what its like  to &quot;Roll with the changes&quot; that this band went through."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G7G', u"While their debut album, Velvet Underground &amp;  Nico, may get more attention, the one I still listen to today is their  third, self-titled album. Gone was the noise, leaving nothing but Lou's  &quot;sensitive&quot; side. The lyrics are both gritty and poignant.  Considering the highlight of the second album (White Light/White Heat) was  a 17-minute two-chord noise jam about a twisted New York S&amp;M party, the  stark beauty of songs like &quot;Pale Blue Eyes,&quot; &quot;Candy  Says,&quot; and &quot;Jesus&quot; is almost shocking.  They also throw in  some pretty straightforward pop/rock (&quot;What Goes On&quot;) and some  nifty guitar work (&quot;Some Kinda Love&quot;).  Other than &quot;The  Murder Mystery,&quot; an experimental narrative-type piece which doesn't  entirely work, this is an album you can play for people who might otherwise  be too afraid to check out the Velvets."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GYR', u"This is one of my three most respected and loved albums. Tom Waits is  ranked, in my opinion, as one of the three unsurpassed poet musicians of  our time or the times before.  'Closing Time' was played for me every night  while I remained in a coma from a motorcycle accident in October of 96.'Martha', for me, plays/pays a tribute to my first love.  'I Hope That I  Don't Fall in Love With You' sings the song that represents the beginning  of my present day relationship with my girlfriend and the second &quot;new  love of my life&quot;.  'Ice Cream Man' is a nice break in the potential  seriousness of the album and 'Ol' sings, to me, the story of life.Tom  Waits along with Bob Dylan and Jewel, have played a key roll in my recovery  from what I hope is the most trying time in my life.  'Closing Time' is a  must for those reaching a &quot;cross-roads&quot; in their life, or who  just want to here a fabulous poet, singer, muscian.....etc... openly  display his talents for all to hear.Love it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002MU3', u"Self-proclaimed &quot;fans&quot; may not like &quot;Monster&quot; simply  because the band says it isn't one of their best, or perhaps they're not  willing to accept the fact that R.E.M. is wonderful in more than one area.  In any case, an artist is hardly ever the best jugde of their own work, and  &quot;Monster&quot; is probably R.E.M.'s third or fourth best album  all-around. Not to say &quot;Automatic For The People&quot; was not a good  album, but many of the songs on it had the same basic sound, which gets a  bit boring by the end. &quot;Monster&quot; is much more upbeat and  alternative than &quot;Automatic&quot;, but the reason it's better is that  it never gets boring. Each song adds to the album in one way or another,  except for the almost annoying track &quot;Tongue&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000003OJ5', u"The story goes that the boss (B. Springsteen) once recorded one of  Russell's songs that never made it to any of his records. &quot;close but  no cigars&quot; is what Russell said about it in an interview.Russell  has been for a long time one of the most admired songwriters in America and  nobody knows why he isn't a superstar today, why he is not selling at least  like The Band, or like Springsteen himself.Here we find Russell with a  new label, Hightone, and like many people recording for small labels he is  rerecording some of his best known songs. more than half of this cd are  songs he has recorded in the past, and many more than once. The number of  versions of Gallo Del Cielo on Lp's and Cd's by Russell himself must be  very close to 10 (!).That's the question I aksed when I heard about this  cd: Do we need another version of  Gallo Del cielo, Claude Dallas, Alkali,  etc...I dont know if we need it or not ( do we need another cd? another  bar? another pair of pants?) but I sure can hear that these songs work well  together making this the best cd by Tom Russell, in a long discography that  has many highs. The songs are played all acoustic, his voice is at his  best, and although we don't have the exitement of the first versions we  find instead the calm voice of wisdom.For those who are a bit afraid of  the west or the cowboy word attached to this cd, dont worry, this is just  one of the greatest singer-songwriters's cd's of the year, as well as one  of the best american roots music around. buy and enjoy."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RYT', u"For anyone who's ever heard of Squeeze but never really listened to them,  this is the compilation to buy. At the same time, die-hard Squeeze fans  will love &quot;Excess Moderation&quot;. It's 2 CDs of tracks from  Squeeze's entire career up to the &quot;Some Fantastic Place&quot; album in  1993, selected by songwriters Difford &amp; Tilbrook themselves. The tracks  are all in chronological order and are many of the group's greatest works,  so you can actually hear how Squeeze has evolved. Many of the songs are  also hard-to-find non-album tracks, including the fan favorite  &quot;Maidstone&quot;. Included with the CDs is commentary about each song  from Difford &amp; Tilbrook."))
(5.0, (u'B000005S5R', u"Unfortunately this gem has been out of print in the US for years.  Recorded in 1978, it was delivered at the pinnacle of Cooper's career.  Conveying ten times more emotion than &quot;Welcome to My Nightmare&quot;,  &quot;From the Inside&quot; is the best produced of Alice Cooper's `70s  albums.  On this CD Alice Cooper tells the stories of patients in a mental  hospital - in a way that only he can.  Only Cooper could go from the  country duet of &quot;Millie and Billie&quot; (&quot;drivin' along with our  guilt well concealed in the trunk of your `68 Olds&quot;) to the hard rock  of &quot;Serious&quot; (&quot;All of my life was a laugh and a joke, a  drink and a smoke and then I passed out on the floor again and again and  again and again and again&quot;) to the soft rock ballad &quot;How You  Gonna See Me Now&quot; and make them all fit together.  This CD is a must  for all Cooper fans, rock enthusiasts, and music lovers in general.  By the  way, the end of the last song &quot;Inmates (We're All Crazy)&quot; sounds  the same whether played backward or forward.  Thanks Amazon for bringing  this one home."))
(5.0, (u'B000007V3P', u"Even if the last six Squeeze albums can still be found every once in a  while, &quot;Squeeze&quot;, &quot;Cool For Cats&quot;,  &quot;Argybargy&quot;, &quot;East Side Story&quot;, Sweets From A  Stranger&quot;, and &quot;Cosi Fan Tutti Frutti&quot; seemed impossible to  find until this box set came out. Each of the first six Squeeze CDs is  included in this package, as well as a booklet that has more information  about the band and &quot;Six of One&quot; than you'll ever need to know.  Each CD is digitally remastered for great sound quality, and two bonus  tracks have been tacked on to all of the six albums. To Squeeze fans out  there who want to get their hands on these albums, they had better get this  box set. Once this is out of print, they may not be available again for a  long time."))
(5.0, (u'B000001IN7', u"If you have found your way to this review, all I can say is you will love  this album.The Slackers are a NY city ska band with a solid feel for  the Jamaican roots of the genre. The rythym section is extremely tight,  with heavy bass, intricate drums and steady guitar. The horn section,  including trumpet, trombone and saxophone will get you moving. If this  isn't enough for you, I have saved the best for last. The funky Hammond B-3  organ is in full effect on this album and is truly a religious experience.Watch This, the second track on the album, is classic  1964 Jamaican  ska. In fact when I first heard this song on Hellcat record's Give Em the  Boot compilation, I thought it was a recording from the sixties. Lyrically,  the song is a warning to all the young rudeboys that their girl may take  their freedom if they don't &quot;Watch This&quot;.The lyrics are  heartfelt and sincere with romance and relationships as a common theme. Red  Light, the title track is a personal favorite of mine as it contrasts the  airy vocals of singer Marq Lyn with the bassy vocals of Vic Ruggerio as  they sing about a love that they haven't gotten over and watch her from  afar.The Slackers are one of the best bands out there today. I have been  a ska fan since about 1986 and I am glad to see that ska is gaining some  popular appeal. Maybe some of those kids who came to ska through No Doubt  and the like will stumble upon a gem like Red Light.In a related matter  I just wanted to mention that Vic Ruggerio appears on the new Rancid album,  Life Wont Wait,  playing piano and organ. Life Wont Wait is destined to be  a classic, and Vic is a major reason why."))
(5.0, (u'B000006G9I', u"Various forms of techno and ambient-dub have been around for afew years now, but new artists keep coming along and finding new waysto combine sounds.  Darwin Chamber was best known for his contributions to collections like *White Trash Gangsta Trance*.  Those two tracks, &quot;[...] and &quot;Meridian&quot; are reproduced here, along with new musical explorations.  One possible comparison is to Orbital, but Darwin Chamber is more restrained.  Of special note is the use of samples.  Some techno artists go absolutely crazy with them; with Darwin Chamber there are never too many and never too few.  Except for &quot;Ghetto&quot; (a tape construction which opens the CD) and the trancelike &quot;Isolation,&quot; the samples mostly build bridges between tracks.  I think this CD gets better as it goes along.  Those who liked &quot;www . . . &quot; and &quot;Meridian&quot; will love &quot;Equator 1&quot; and &quot;Equator 2.&quot; Finally, &quot;Isolation,&quot; the knockout track, puts it all together.  This track leaves the dancebeat aside and uses a sample to create a mood of quiet menace which will stay with you long after the track ends.You won't go wrong with *Ghettoelectro*, which also contains CD-ROM software allowing those with the right equipment to do their own remixing and retooling, allowing still more musical experiences.  Highly recommended to the &quot;chill-out&quot; crowd!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OU9', u"i bought this album because i was touched by her amazing debut 'stay'.  first i was hesitant to buy this album worrying that songs other than stay  could disappoint me since 'stay' already brought me to the peak of my  satisfaction. on the first try, my feeling was that 'stay' is still the  best song hard to beat, but as i kept listening to it, i found that other  songs are also hard to be beaten by 'stay'. lisa's voice is that of an  angel. i don't find any female singer around that has such a lovely and  clear voice. her distinctly clear pronunciation of lyrics also makes me  pleasant to listen to her songs. i strongly recommend this song who likes  to be in a pleasant mood. two thumbs way up!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009OGP', u"With this new live album (disc 1), the band is in top form--clean and  tight with a bit more spunk (driven by Roy Hay's guitar licks)--and appear  to be happier than they've ever been.  Classic tunes are minimally  reshaped, but funked up, and reveal their original flair, catching you off  guard and making you fall in love all over again.  Disc one highpoints are  a plenty:  Miss Me Blind, I'll Tumble 4 Ya, That's The Way (showcasing the  Boy's smokey pipes as one of the best in the industry), the charming  Victims and the clever Time (Clock Of The Heart).  Only disappointment was  not hearing trademark backup singer Helen Terry, but instead a very capable  Zee Cowling.  The new tunes, Strange Voodoo, I Just Want To Be Loved and  What Do You Want indicate the Club's committment to reggae/dub inspired  tunes as well as a newfound sophistication in both lyric content and  stylish sound.  If this is any indication, their upcoming album will be one  to anticipate. The phoenix has re-risen and it'll give you goosebumps!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADG5', u"&quot;Hungry Again&quot; has to be Dolly's most introspective and spirtual  album to date.  It is also one of her finest.  She wrote all 12 songs and  the depth of the songwriting is impressive. &quot;Blue Valley  Songbird&quot; tells the story of an abused country girl who takes solace  in her music. &quot;When Jesus Comes Calling For Me,&quot; is about an old  man ready to be taken into God's hands.  &quot;Honky Tonk Songs&quot; asks  why more women don't sing cry-in-your-beer type tunes.  Dolly sounds  amazing on this record, she goes from lighthearted to heartbroken to  whimisical and never misses a beat.  Country fans who are &quot;Hungry  Again,&quot; for a first rate country album, should know that all will be  fed with this masterpiece."))
(5.0, (u'B000000WG7', u'There are plenty of people who find this sort of thing pretentious.  I am  not one of them.  I happened across the video of Orpheous on MTV one night  and fell completely in love with the seductive sadness of the piece.  I  found the album in boston around 1989 and still listen to it at least once  a month.  I have a CD collection that numbers in the 500 range, and this is  one of the few that I return to at least once a month to restore my  confidence in originality and beauty.  I cannot tell you what this one  album has added to my life.  It is one of the most beautiful things I have  ever known.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000014T3', u'Simply put, Gabriel Yared is a master of cinematic soundscapes. From Betty Blue to The English Patient, he has created unforgettable (film) music with real emotional depth. The Lover soundtrack is no exception. From the paso doble scene with Helene, to the nightclubs, to the beautiful tango of Habanera, he has successfully evoked colonial Saigon with the sense of loss, memory, and displacement present in the Duras text. The recurring theme is as haunting and evocative as any work he has done. Clearly, the Oscar for The English Patient finally honors his entire body of work. A subtle and disarmingly beautiful work.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002N9S', u"The tired idea extended by even Peter Buck of R.E.M. that &quot;Automatic  For The People&quot; is the best album is hardly close to the truth. To be  sure, &quot;Automatic&quot; is to be counted among other R.E.M. classics  such as &quot;Murmur&quot; and &quot;Lifes Rich Pageant&quot;. However, it  doesn't even come close to the masterpiece that is &quot;New Adventures In  Hi-Fi&quot;. Not only is it Michael Stipe's favorite album, but many  die-hard fans think the same. Unlike the previous two albums,  &quot;Hi-Fi&quot; is completely diverse and shows all sides of the band's  incredible talent. It includes what may be the band's best songs ever,  &quot;New Test Leper&quot; and &quot;E-Bow The Letter&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NHN', u"I was lured into buying this cd after I saw the review of it on CNN. I  really didn't expect much out of it, but after I listened to it the whole  way through, I instantly fell in love with it. It is mysterious, yet  relaxing. In &quot;The Mummers' Dance,&quot; I can feel myself walking  through a warm, green forest. In &quot;Skellig,&quot; I can feel myself  standing on the coast of Ireland, listening to the waves. &quot;The  Highwayman&quot; blew me away completely with its chilling, heart racing  tale. And in &quot;Night Ride Across the Caucasus&quot; I can feel myself  galloping widly into the cold night. This is a wonderful album!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002B2N', u"A VERY FINE LOVE is the first album that Dusty recorded after her album  REPUTATION in 1990. Dusty moves away from the camp arena that was  REPUTATION and here produces an album that is more suited to the emotional  literacy that she seems to be almost unique in delivering.The album  opens with ROLL AWAY, a classic song that is majestic in nature and  reflective in content. Dusty's voice is in fine form, smoky and full of  depth.GO EASY ON ME is another track that stands out, and is a gentle  ballad that Dusty's unique vocal makes a haunting and disarming experience  to listen too.I CAN'T THE WAY I DON'T FEEL is a track that turns the  table on previous love songs, with Dusty singing that she is unable to  return the love that she is being presented with.  A laid back number that  again is so suited to her voice.ALL I HAVE TO OFFER YOU IS LOVE is Dusty  in fine form, displaying the wonderful lower timbre of her voice, with a  smoky, gravelly edge. This song is a pure delight!WHERE IS A WOMAN TO GO  closes the album, and this track is fast becoming another Dusty classic,  being featured on many recent compliation albums. Dusty in the bar,  drowning her sorrows and listening to heartbreak songs on the juke  box.This album shows the versatility and and pure brilliance that is  DUSTY SPRINGFIELD. Dusty confounds everyone with this album, showing that  she is prepared to go into new territory and experiement with a voice that  is, quite simple, unique.This album is a pleasure and a delight."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G3A', u"As with a lot of others, the first of Jann Arden's songs that I heard was  &quot;Insensitive&quot; in the movie &quot;Bed of Roses&quot;. That song  stayed with me for days until I was able to get to the local Tower Records  to buy the soundtrack. Imagine my displeasure to find that  &quot;Insensitive&quot; wa the only song in the film that DID NOT appear on  the soundtrack. Luckily for me, there was one copy of &quot;Living Under  June&quot; left in the rack. Since that day, it has become a favorite.  &quot;Unloved&quot; is a touching and sensitive ballad that paints a vivd  picture of past mistakes, regrets, and missed opportunities. &quot;Good  Mother&quot; is an up-beat anthem of strength and resilience. This is the  CD that fits every occasion...dinner, Saturday housework, over-time at the  office,chilling out after a crappy day ,  whatever!Then music and the  lyrics are touching, uplifting and fit many lives and many dreams. It's a  great CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000002Q86', u"So you were too busy watching the crazy antics associated with any John  Waters film to take note that some really great songs were playing in the  background, hm?  That's alright because now you have the opportunity to  catch a little slice of genuine americana on this CD (and it's cheap, too!)  This CD is worth every cent for the final track alone, 'Nothing takes the  place of you' by the wonderful Toussant McCall which incidentally was  recorded in a janitors closet at the record company which gives it that  wonderfully haunting sound.  Other favorits include 'I'm blue' by the  Ikettes (Ike Turner's group pre-Tina) and of course the memorable 'Town  without Pity' by Gene Pitney....so smoke a little reefer, play your bongos,  iron your hair, and listen to the hep sounds of 1962, cat!  Swingin'!"))
(5.0, (u'0792151712', u"I remember when the movie came out last year.  I had seen the preview and  heard how good it was, but I wasn't impressed and told my wife that I was  not going to pay $7.00 to see a movie that I already knew the ending to.  She eventually convinced me, and I have been thanking her for it ever  since.Titanic is an outstanding movie, bar none.  People are not idiots.  They will not pay their money to see it that many times if it isn't good.  James Cameron mixes a real-life tragedy with a fictional love story that is  very believable.  Yes, I have read what others have said, how they  criticize the acting, and the poor plot.  I think the plot was great.  It  was about people going back to America, some for the first time, and this  over zealous headline chaser that goads the Captain into making mistakes  that cost 1,500 people their lives.  One of the depressing parts, and there  are many, is when the Captain is asked by a lady where her and her baby  should go.  He can do nothing but stare at her.  He is now afraid to make a  decision and the only one that he can make is to go back to the wheel and  die with dignity, the Captain always goes down with the ship.  All the  other elements of sadness, romance, and action are there.  From the old  couple lying in bed waiting to die, to the blossoming romance of Jack and  Rose, to Cal becoming furious with Jack at the taking of his woman, enough  to try and kill him in the end.  Lest we not forget the outstanding job the  special effects team did at making the ship sink.  All this has made me a  sentimental idiot and I have never loved a movie as much as this one.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B00000348H', u"It doesn't seem to make sense if described in words:  a Lebanese-Polish  kid from Boston who creates the sound of the blond California beach culture  at the dawn of the Sixties with a synthesis of Gene Krupa's big band beat,  minor-keyed Middle Eastern folk tunes, and the sounds he hears in the water  as a tube-surfing daredevil.  Makes a machine gun of the guitar, playing it  in the frenzied, staccato double-picking style of the mandolin, while  drenching it in reverb, a technical innovation of the day.  The Sound is  something every rock &amp; roll devotee will, at once, recognize and find  utterly different than anything he's ever heard.  Rhythm sections tighter  than James Brown's, brass as bold as Herb Alpert.  This compilation traces  his development through the daring, gritty &quot;Miserlou&quot; to the  infectious &quot;Surf Beat&quot; on to the glistening smoothness of  &quot;The Wedge&quot; and beyond.  If you thought there was only Motown and  Brill Building pop after Elvis and before the Beatles, think again.  An  absolute must for every serious collector."))
(5.0, (u'B000003A28', u"Armstrong's records of this period are his finest, and show him at the  height of his powers. Here are the sides in which he single-handedly  defined what jazz was to be, a soloist's art of great depth and complexity.  His playing here is unsurpassed among jazz soloists, with a constant flow  of great melodic and rhythmic ideas supported by brilliant trumpet  technique. His tone is full and golden, &quot;thicker&quot; and richer than  that of other trumpeters, then and now. The expressive way in which he  twists and smears notes often makes the instrument sound like a voice.These records inspired two generations of jazz musicians and literally  formed the art. The heights reached here were scaled by only one other jazz  artist, Charlie Parker, and were never equalled by Louis himself in his  later work. Miles Davis once said the history of jazz could be told in four  words: 'Louis Armstrong Charlie Parker'. Here is why."))
(5.0, (u'B000003BFF', u"I saw this movie illegally, by sneaking into the theater after seeing a  midnight showing of &quot;Don't go in the Basement&quot;, which stunk.  I  was depressed, and half drunk.  But when Roky Erickson chimed in with Burn  The Flames, I sobered up.  If anything, this movie turned me on to  Erickson, a true genius.  But aside from all that, it is a brilliantly  funny movie, and a soundtrack I love. I first owned it on Cassette, but my  idiot friend managed to get it stolen out of his car.  Then I found it on  Cd, here at CDNow, in fact, and upon listening to it again, after a few  years, I have to say, it's cooler than I remember.  Roky Erickson, TSOL,  The Flesheaters, The Cramps, and 45 Grave, make this a killer album.  A  great sampler.  Most highly recommended."))
(5.0, (u'630398021X', u"I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who loved this movie, I own it and I  own very few movies (I can count them on one hand).  Went to see it on  opening night in October of 96 and the theater was half empty.  The critics  hated it I believe it is because it appeals to a fairly narrow audience.  The premise is quite intriguing and the actors are very well cast. This is  a unique movie, it is hard to compare to others so that the new viewer can  determine if they would like it. Some scenes are  disturbing without being  gory (one murder scene in particular). This is definitely not a movie for  the under 16 crowd, but if you like 'thinking man's' sci-fi such as  Gattaca, some James Cameron movies (Terminator, Aliens, but EXCLUDING  Titanic) and other cult favorites like Point Break (also directed by  Katherine Bigelow), The Crow, The Doors, even the first Predator movie, you  may like this. The soundtrack is also particularly good for those who have  widely varying tastes. It has alternative, gangsta rap, even new age  flavors.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000001W7', u"If you're a Jazz fan, I believe that you won't be disappointment what the  Spyro Gyra has been brought to you for their music performance during these  decades. The style what they brought with their inner most compassionate is  not only their professionalism, indeed, use the music to tell a story is  not a new trick, but to interpret their feeling &amp; tenderness by adding  their style into each title, Spyro Gyra is the #1. No matter it is a new or  old title, it is always a surprise &amp; pleasure to taste each title what  they has been well prepared for their audience. Especially in this album,  it is always a cool &amp; comfortable enjoyment when their music is on the  air! Viva! Spyro Grya!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KHH', u"THIS IS WHERE IT ALL BEGAN!  HEAVY METAL'S ROOTS PRESENTED WITH GRINDING  GUITAR RIFFS AND A DISTINCTLY BLUES FLAVOR!  EVEN LED ZEPPELIN NEVER  APPROACHED THE LEVEL OF SHEER, ABSOLUTE PERFECTION THE ORIGINAL LINEUP OF  BLACK SABBATH--OZZY, TONY, GEEZER, AND BILL --DISPLAYED ON THIS, NOT ONLY  THEIR BUT THE WORLD'S FINEST EFFORT AT MUSIC!  ALL OF THE CLASSIC CUTS ARE  HERE:  WAR PIGS WITH ITS UNNERVING PORTRAYAL OF HUMAN CONFLICT, PARANOID'S  DISTURBING DESCRIPTION OF MADNESS, PLANET CARAVAN'S SOOTHING ACCOUNT OF A  NIGHT SKY, IRON MAN'S THUNDERING ACCOUNT OF LIFE AFTER DEATH, ELECTRIC  FUNERAL WITH ITS HARROWING VISION OF A NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST AND AFTERMATH,  HAND DOOM PRESENTING THE EFFECTS OF DRUG ADDICTION, RAT SALAD'S DRUMS, AND  FAIRIES WEAR BOOTS INDICATING JUST THAT.  NO OTHER ALBUM EVEN COMES CLOSE!  BLACK SABBATH IS BY FAR THE GREATEST BAND EVER!  THIS ALBUM CLEARLY SHOWS  THAT.  LONG LIVE BLACK SABBATH!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001OY3', u"Gamma never reached the same commercial success that Ronnie Montrose's  other band, Montrose, did. Still, I love this band!Maybe it's because  they were never considered a progressive rock band or a hard rock band.  Actually, I really liked their version or hard-edged rock and roll with  heavy guitars but a strong dose of synthesizers.Besides, Davey  Pattison, the vocalist for Gamma, was a great, great, hard rock vocalist.  He has since moved onto blues, but he and Ronnie Montrose have left a  legacy of unique, sophisticated progressive rock in the form of Gamma.I  just wish that all three Gamma records were available on CD!Gamma fans:  there is an english import called 'Gamma-Concert Classics'.  This disc has  live versions of many of the cuts off Gamma1!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002968', u"Not since Annie Haslam and Renaissance has a voice stood out as  beautifully as Mary Fahl's.  It's too bad they only stayed together for 2  albums...if you had to choose just one of theirs to buy..this should be the  one--- although album 2 is still better than most anything else out there  today. Each song takes you on a journey...a journey through lyric, musical  arrangements and voice.  And what a voice it is...Mary Fahl where are you  now??  The music world better hold on to her talents because there are very  few who can match her.  Not since Annie Haslam and Renaissance has a group  combined lyrics, vocal arrangments and melody like this group.  If you are  yearning for  October Project like music...I strongly recommend you delve  into Annie Haslam and Renaissance."))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"The people that don't like Adore probably listened to it once and threw it  away. No, it's not Gish. It's not SD. It's not MCIS. It's Adore, darn it,  and that's how it should be. It's sad that people always say they want  something new but expect something exactly the same. Adore lacks the  Big-Muff power of the former albums, but that's the beauty of it. Buy the  vinyl version of it if you can. It's retailed for $17.99. It's a special  mono mix, which really accentuates the album's soft sound and brings out  parts that normally aren't heard on the CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000009XLC', u"Juliana Hatfield keeps things simple with this musically and emotionally  focused release. Each of her solo works have grown progressively more  mature and &quot;slick&quot; in production quality. BED steps back a bit in  studio effects with Hatfield deciding to strip the sound down to a visceral  level and take on the production herself.The result is an outstanding  and cohesive journey through the ten tracks that let her display her  growing lyrical maturity, sense of humor and the ability to take an  &quot;outside looking in view&quot; of her place in the music industry, and  other topics.Hatfield's fans will not be disappointed in the melodic  accessability of the songs here. The harder edges ones really rock, and the  more introsepective tracks sound great. The middle track  &quot;Backseat&quot; is the centerpiece of the album in which she makes a  touching plea for the listener (and maybe herself) to just basically hang  in there and believe in themselves. It is the longest track of the ten, and  builds in emotion and momentum from its beginning to end.Overall, a very  strong release from one of the original and most individual of the  alt-girrrl-rock artists."))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADG2', u'Ms. Lauryn Hill kept us all waiting a bit for her highly-anticipated solo  debut but when it finally did drop into stores, the wait was well worth it!  Every single track on this CD is excellent. The whole CD is enjoyable and  listeners should be able to play the whole CD through without skipping a  track. Take a close listen to &quot;Superstar&quot; where she criticizes  the many music artists of today who fail to make  music whole-heartedly and  do it only for the money and fame. Or the first single &quot;DooWop (that  thing)&quot; where Ms. Hill uncovers the many flaws found in the everyday  relationship between men and women. The whole Cd is well worth every penny  although I was greatly disappointed when her songs &quot;All My time&quot;  and &quot;The sweetest thing (Mahogany mix)&quot; were not included on the  album. However the two bonus tracks that are included on the CD make up for  the deletions. Congratulations to Lauryn Hill for such a great album!'))
(5.0, (u'B000002ULS', u"From the delicate opening strains of &quot;The Stars of Track and  Field&quot;, the brilliance of Belle and Sebastian's &quot;less is  more&quot; delivery is made crystal clear.  Soft strumming on a single  guitar with breathy, almost unearthly vocals enter the mix as the song  slowly builds to a climax.  Quite possibly the best track on one of the  best albums of the year.  At times they seem to evoke any number of bands  and artists, oweing the most to The &quot;Forever Changes&quot; era Love as  well as hints of the Kinks' more confessional songs.  Toss in traces of Syd  Barrett, The Smiths, The Sundays, and a big heaping helping of originality,  and you get the gist.  An amazing piece of work."))
(5.0, (u'B0000074MG', u"Before I listened to this CD, I had heard only one of Bonnie Tyler's songs  - on a jukebox in Pascagoula, Mississippi.  The first and last time I heard  that one song (It's a Heartache} was in 1980.  I have thought of that song  ever since. Now, I have it on CD. Along with 15 others of her songs. Her  Welsh voice is fantastic!  All I want to listen to in a voice.  I will  cherish this CD always. It took many years to hear the song again - after  all that time, it had to be good.  It is. Samples of her voice is on her  web page. Go there. And believe."))
(5.0, (u'B00004THLY', u"KISMET began life as a 1911 play, filmed as a silent that year and again  as a talkie in Vitascope widescreen (65 mm.) in 1930. It got the MGM  Technicolor treatment in 1942 and then was adapted into this sumptuous  operetta in 1953, followed by a leaden and boring fourth film version -this  time of the musical - in 1955.  Here is the extraordinary original cast -  Alfred Drake Doretta Morrow, Richard Kiley, Joan Diener and Henry Calvin.  Sound is excellent, performances both dramatically and musically are superb  and the orchestrations are lush, dramatic, sumptuous and breathtakingly  beautiful.  Too bad the book is humorous fluff - but the score is one of  the glories of the musical theatre.  This was the first LP designed solely  for that format (times weren't trimmed to fit on one side of a 78 or 45 rpm  alternate disk) and the first to be recorded in microgroove, allowing for  far more recorded sound per LP side than before.  Exceptional clarity, the  excitement of a live Broadway performance and deserved winner of six Tony  Awards including Best Musical, Best Book, Best Score and Best Actor.  It  ran for 583 performances on Broadway and was revived in 1978 in an African  version, TIMBUKTU.  Exceptional conducting.  Here are the 18 original  musical numbers.  Dance music is not included but in any case this is a gem  in the recorded annals of musical history.  Very worth owning.  (Note: This  was Kiley's first show and Diener's next to last.  Years later he was to  star as Don Quixote in MAN OF LA MANCHA with Diener costarring in her last  role as Aldonza).  Note the &quot;theatrical&quot; approach of Alfred Drake  from the rear of the recording studio in RYMES HAVE I - another  &quot;touch&quot; of Goddard Lieberson, recording producer for Columbia."))
(5.0, (u'B000000XCH', u"This album is a rarity if only for the sheer amount of hit songs it  spawned.  Creedence was the ultimate singles group of its day, and this  record (released in 1970) really exemplifies that fact, showcasing their  good-ole' jugband swamp rock.  Let's face it; many of their other albums  were quite patchy (some even lacklustre at worst), but this one is  consistently excellent, featuring many of their most fun and catchy tunes.  'Cosmo' rolls on like Proud Mary, integrating many hit-and-run favourites  like &quot;Up Around The Bend&quot;, &quot;Travellin' Band&quot;,  &quot;Lookin' Out My Back Door&quot; and &quot;Ooby Dooby&quot; (their  silliest track) with folky stuff such as &quot;Who'll Stop The Rain&quot;  and a brooding Vietnam War song &quot;Run Through The Jungle&quot;.  This  album features their version of Marvin Gaye's &quot;I Heard It Through The  Grapevine&quot; in all of its 11 minute+ glory (no shortcuts here) plus an  energetic opener jam named &quot;Ramble Tamble&quot; and a soulful closer  &quot;Long As I Can See The Light&quot;, making for one of the finest pop  albums of 1970.  If you want Creedence at their very best, go for this one  - it's as good as any greatest hits compilation."))
(5.0, (u'B000000ZMA', u"Mr. Porter's music is outstanding.  He not only sings but write as well.  David Porter is still well beyond my expectations after all these years.  I  was first introduce to his magical songs by my brother.  Hang On Sloopy  still flows through my mind even though I heard it over 25 years ago.  My  brother had all three of David Porter's albums.  Unfortunately time, people  and age has done them in, and I'm sorry to say that to date no copies of  &quot;Gritty, Groovy and Gettin It&quot; or &quot;Into the Real Thing&quot;  are available.  Therefore, I as well as many other of his fans will be  denied the pleasure of hearing his other treasured songs, such as  &quot;It's Over (The Masquerade),&quot; &quot;I Can't See You When I Want  To,&quot; &quot;Hand On Sloopy&quot; et.al. And this my friends is a crime."))
(5.0, (u'0780622383', u"Many have said that this is one of the few cases where a film was indeed  better than the book.  No disrespect to Stephen King, I know he is the  world's most popular novelist for a reason, but the book paled in  comparison to this film in every way.  The dialogue in this film is worth  the price of admission alone, and Kathy Bates' performance is flawless.  Jennifer Jason Leigh gives us a harrowing performance as her daughter on  the verge of destruction at every turn, a woman who is so afraid of her own  past and the brutal truth of her life that she drowns herself in drugs and  alcohol, much like her abusive father.  The points of irony in this film  are marvelous, I won't give them away, as to do so would ruin much of the  surprise of this wonderful film.  I can't say enough, but I will keep it  breif, so pick this one up, and please buy the letterbox edition, it is  superior to the pan and scan version.  Happy viewing.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000019P9', u"Relocating to Athens, Ga, the Elephant 6 member Neutral Milk Hotel  (fronted by Louisiana prodigy Jeff Mangum) has found the perfect outlet for  their powerful brand of fuzzbox power-folk. Following up their debut  &quot;On Avery Island,&quot; &quot;Aeroplane&quot; is a masterpiece of  songwriting, combining a host of bizarre instruments (including the saw)  and distorted blasts of electric guitar with sugary-sweet pop melodies and  transcendental lyrics that are so abstract they make Michael Stipe look  coherent.  Mangum's charmingly off-key crooning matches the earnest  soul-searching belted out by acoustic guitar in such numbers as &quot;Two  Headed Boy&quot; and &quot;Communist Daughter.&quot;  And for pure rock  ecstasy, &quot;Holland, 1945&quot; may be the most exciting burst of sonic  orgasma produced in years.It's rare that a lyricist can emote such a  range of feelings on a 35-minute record with the clarity and energy Mangum  can. &quot;Holland&quot; is about Anne Frank, and lines like &quot;And then  they buried her alive / One evening 1945 / With just her sister at her  side/ And only weeks before the guns / All came and rained on  everyone&quot; contrast sharply with the sunny melody of the guitar.Mangum's unconventional views on romance and sex bleed into ambiguous  gendering and dream-like love affairs. Consider the phrases &quot;This is  the room one afternoon I knew I would love you and from above you how I  sank into your soul&quot; and &quot;Your dad would throw the garbage all  across the floor as we would lay and learn what each other's bodies were  for.&quot;  Mangum hits on details that poingnantly underscore his overall  message. He overcomes trite existentialism with life-affirming aphorisms  buried in poetry such as &quot;And one day we will die and our ashes will  fly / From the aeroplane over the sea / But for now we are young, let us  lay in the sun / And count every beautiful thing we can see.&quot;  Having  the courage to rhyme with innocent boyishness makes his mature ironies all  the more affecting. In &quot;Two Headed Boy, Part 2,&quot; Mangum settles  on the prettiest chord resolution to voice the sadness of his desires:  &quot;In my dreams you're alive and you're crying.&quot;  And as the album  ends on that song, NMH's confident musicianship comes across like  courageousness and sly humor all at once. If Phil Spector knew his wall of  sound has now extended to grass-roots power-folk, he might want to come out  of retirement to hear the surging production on this album. It's as if no  level of feedback is strong enough to muffle Mangum's artistry.Neutral  Milk Hotel's sound is far from mainstream, so don't judge their talent on  their record sales.  But based completely on emotional resonance,  &quot;Aeroplane&quot; is the best album of the year and also the most  original.If you dig the wild sounds of &quot;Aeroplane,&quot; definitely  check out their first effort, the Jeff Mangum solo effort &quot;On Avery  Island,&quot; and other Elephant 6 artists like The Apples In Stereo and  Olivia Tremor Control. Although the bands are on different labels (NMH are  on Merge), they all hail from the same town and split off into different  projects (Apples frontman Robert Schneider takes on producing duties for  NMH)."))
(5.0, (u'B000002VSF', u"This is the album for those of you who thought Barry Manilow was a joke.  He's nothing of the sort, and after hearing this beautiful sincere album,  it may cause you to re-evaluate his other offerings.  Manilow has always  been a melancholy artist, much of his repertoire consisting of lost love  ballads and fairly depressing sketches of urban lost love.  This is the  album that brings that sensibility into sharp focus, with great assists  from jazz greats like Mel Torme', Sarah Vaughn, and Bill Mays.  This is the  album with which Barry Manilow finally got the respect he has long  deserved.  The man got me through my teen years, for crying out loud.  I  own him a lot.  Dork or not, the man can sure sing.  Dork or not, I thank  him for the music."))
(5.0, (u'0790729385', u"This movie is the epitome of horror films. All horror films since it's  release have been judged on how it rates with &quot;the Exorcist&quot; and  for good reason. The DVD edition of this film captures the original look of  the film. It's clarity is far superior to VHS tapes. I personally have been  a fan of the Exorcist for many years, and have read countless reviews on  the movie. Not one was bad. I have also learned that there may be a new  version of the Exorcist soon available with never before seen footage, like  Reagan (Linda Blair) Spider Walking on the staircase, as it had been  originally depicted. Look for it. In the mean time, we will be horrified  with this. If you have never seen the Exorcist, you are in for one HELL of  a ride.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000003JA7', u"One of my favourite albums of all time, let alone of Jethro Tull.  This  concept record shows that the band have excelled themselves, performing a  beautiful, awe-inspiring masterpiece, poetic and humourous, ironic and  overpowering, yet shimmering with brilliance throughout.  It presents a  series of interwoven musical themes spliced into one coherent whole.  It is  IMHO Jethro Tull's best sounding album, in relation to its production,  technical proficiency and the band's performance, which is amazing in its  precision and ability to uplift as well as pacify.  Ian Anderson's vocals  and propulsive flute-playing are of a high standard as usual, and his  delivery of the thought-provoking lyrics are masterful (BTW, did Anderson  really use the lyrics of an epic poem composed by an 8-year old child  prodigy, as the newspaper-style sleeve states?  Methinks not!). Other than  that, it is a very enjoyable piece of music; passionate and progressive,  the Tulls haven't made an album quite as good since."))
(5.0, (u'B000000NFW', u"I discovered Aerial Boundries from a girlfriend. She put it on as we were  going to bed.  I've never looked @ the acoustic guitar the same again.  The  percussive rythyms he puts together are incredible.  The entire CD is  nothing but ground breaking material, song after song. Michael reinvents  the guitar in the framework of 1 album.  Michaels passing was a tragedy.  He will be greatly missed, especially in October when he would come to my  neck of the woods in New Jersey.  If you don't have Bounderies, buy it,  but be warned...you will be purchasing everything he has ever played on and  gobbling up any info you can find on the man. Enjoy!...john Troulis"))
(5.0, (u'B000003FTL', u"It is extremely rare that a revival of a classic show is within five  percent of being as exceptional as the original, but this 1965 Lincoln  Center revival is just that - superbly vibrant stereo sound enhances the  original orchestrations, Alfred Drake recreating his finest  role as Hajj,  and a cast as musically and dramatically superb as the original.  For  collectors, it's a toss-up.  This version omits the original overture  (using a suite of tunes from the Polovetsian Dances instead) and two dance  numbers, BAZAAR OF THE CARAVANS and SAMARIS' DANCE.  However, it does have  a song written for the 1955 film version, BORED, interpolated and sung by  Anne Jeffreys (the only tainted bit as her voice really isn't up to those  high notes).  Lee Venora, Richard Banke and Jeffreys do wonderfully in  their recreated roles - good acting, good singing.  Drake is again superb,  even more finely honed a performance than in the original. Henry Calvin  recreates his role as the Wazir.  A superb package very finely done."))
(5.0, (u'B000003H33', u"This is an Excellent album, if I do say so myself. The vocal work is  incredible. Aaron's voice seems to mature more with every album. The violin  has some good work, too and Rick must've decided that if this was his last  album, he was going to make it a damned good one-and he did. His best, in  my opinion.The opener is an alright tune. The keyboards add an almost  spooky effect to it. My own personal favorite off of this one is definately  &quot;A Kiss To Remember&quot;. Another of my favorites is &quot;For My  Fallen Angel&quot;. That one is a  leave-me-alone...grab-a-razor-and-slit-my-wrist song. The music is to die  for and the poetic content of the lyrics is seldom achieved on it's level.  I recommend this one highly, folks....as well as &quot;The Angel and the  Dark River&quot; and &quot; Turn Loose the Swans&quot;. The other albums  are great, too, but I just ain't into the Death Metal stuff like I use to  be."))
(5.0, (u'B000006ORO', u"About four years ago, a good friend of mine put a set of headphones on me and introduced me to a song called &quot;Waves&quot;. That song was so haunting and so beautiful it adhered itself to my soul. It helped me through a particularly dark period of my life, and I became obsessed with finding a copy of it for myself. I was crushed when I couldn't find it in stores and no one had ever heard of the artist so they could even order it for me. And so my four year long quest began. Every time I went somewhere I just &quot;had&quot; to check in their music section to see if I could find anything by Michael Tomlinson. I searched the web but came up empty handed.  Finally, one night I was browsing online and stumbled across Michael Tomlinson's webpage. To say I was ecstatic was a vast understatement. Not only did I immediately order the CD with my song on it, I got an E-Mail response back from Mr. Tomlinson and a personally autographed version of the CD. I've been listening to Waves ever since and have discovered I like his other songs so much I'm going to buy the rest of his albums as well...and I'm a frequent visitor to the Michael Tomlinson website.... I highly recommend this album. :-)"))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTV', u"Emmy Lou Harris has just released a new record which captures the essence  of all the different styles she's incorporated over the years. EmmyLou  brings new breadth to some of her older classics like Wheels,and Songbird  while covering some of her newer material. EmmyLou still has that great  voice and her backup band, Spyboy,seem to be enjoying themselves.  It's  first rate singing and playing and Emmy Lou Harris has now come full circle  in capturing all of her artisitic mediums on one record. If you like  country,country-rock,folk you like this record,and you might just fall in  love with emmy Lou's voice."))
(5.0, (u'B000009QP2', u"&quot;Derivative&quot; may be the first word that springs to mind, but all  bands have their inspirations.  This first album from some very fine  American rhythm and blues enthusiasts embodies the very spirit of the  genre.  It captivates the youthful recklessness of leather-clad rockers,  while showing a professional grasp of soul and roots music.  They take the  Stones and add their own individual touch, layering it with body-shaking  hooks, raw and raspy vocals as well as gospel-tinged melodies.  This record  shows the power and precision of the original bluesmen, and adds to it a  90's persona.  It is way above average in its entirety, and its wholesome,  rough and ready nature will make you want to get your rocks off.  And if  that's your poison, be sure to have a listen to their next three albums  &quot;Southern Harmony &amp; Musical Companion&quot;, &quot;Amorica&quot;  and &quot;Three Snakes And One Charm&quot; to hear a band holding on to  their influences while progressing and scaling new heights with each  successive release.  But for the record, this is the one that started it  all for them."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AG7T', u"&quot;Give Me Immortality Or Give Me Death&quot; is the first studio work by all four (or five) members of The Firesign Theatre in 17 years. It is a comedy album for those with more (or less) between their ears than toothpaste (it's electric). The Firesign Theatre sets this cohesive story at a radio station, Radio NOW, on 12-31-99, and as the excitement builds towards the new millenium (or the same old Armageddon) a cat of...a cast of characters sails forth (or fifth) over the airways and the haM-Bone (listen, you'll get the pun in a thousand ears). This is a funny CD but don't expect Bob Newhart (noooobody expects Bob Newhart). The studio work is multi-layered and there are wheels within eels within heels enough for everybody. It is a work about the future and about the past (remember Ralph Spoilsport, well he's here and he tastes like pork!). The Firesign Theatre is Phil Proctor, Phil Austin, David Ossman and Peter Bergman and you the e-viewer too. Where else will concepts from the internet and pop peneology be combined. Where else will your hours spent in freshman English nigh unto 30 years or minutes ago stand you fast. No where. Not hear certainly.This is a rare comedy CD. It must be heard multiple times to be appreciated. It may very well turn into one of the Firesign's &quot;new Classics&quot; (unless Walt's got a lock on that term) along with their first four albums, &quot;Waiting For the Electrician...,&quot; &quot;How Can You Be In Two Places At Once...,&quot; &quot;Don't Crush That Dwarf...&quot; and I Think We're All Bozos On This Bus.&quot; &quot;Give Me Immortality Or Give Me Death&quot; is a 64-bit bus if ever I heard one.  There is a remarkable LONG booklet which comes with the CD. Rhino records has been in the business, and IS the business, long enough now that they are backing this release 1000%. The booklet complements the CD and might give you hints about reality.No, I'm not on the Firesign's payroll or layer of the onion roll but I'm on a roll about this role play. In fact I'm about to pre-order THREE of the new CDs so I can have one unopened for the collection. Do not hesitate to buy this release. For anyone involved in the Web, this is a CD which spreaks your language. For nybody who ex iences drop ts in their ansmission (well you know the rest of at)."))
(5.0, (u'B000005B00', u"In parousing the other reviews, I notice that the only ones that are  negative make reference to this music &quot;not being real swing...&quot;  C'mon people...you are missing the boat.  Instead of buying this CD with  preconceived ideas of how it should sound, just slap it in your player and  enjoy it for what it is...extraordinary song-writing, amazing musicianship,  and more heart and soul than you could ever want.  If you pay attention to  any of the press on what the band is about, you would know that the very  thing they want to steer clear of is rehashing the 30's and 40's swing.  Unlike many of their contemporaries, (Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, Squirrel Nut  Zippers, etc), they do not aspire to create a sound that could fit  seamlessly into that distant era, but instead want to create new and  exciting sounds like you find on this fantastic CD.  For those of you who  are open-minded and just love excellent music....buy it and enjoy!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001F2H', u"After finding the Yardbirds' direction too mainstream, Clapton searches to  keep his Blues chops growing.  Eric finds John Mayall and records some of  his most electrifying solos with this group. (He even meets Jack Bruce in a  later incarnation of the Blues Breakers.)  Please listen to &quot;Have You  Heard&quot; to prove this to yourself. Mayall provides his usual strong  vocal support and excellent musicianship. John McVie (later of Fleetwood  Mac) rounds out the group with strong blues-jazz bass lines. I personally  feel the Hugh Flint is the weak link, but is more than offset by John  Almond wonderful sax work. If you are a Clapton fan and have not heard his  early post-Yardbird work or if you are a blue fan of any sort, You should  own this one."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LRX', u"This album was the best of '92, the peak of all music in my opinion. For  anyone else who likes this album, first of all you rule, and second, I  would recommend Dirt and Countdown to Extinction (and maybe Cannibal  Corpse's Tomb) from the same year. Others are Floyd's Wall, Portishead's  Dummy, Cult's Sonic Temple, and obviously anything from Metallica. Oh and  also from Pantera (the more recent the album the better- they're the only  band I still have faith in.. are you listening, Metallica???) Bye, and if  anyone has any recommendations based on what I've said, let me know!!!  Thanks. Peace and I'm out."))
(5.0, (u'B000002AAG', u"I guess it takes a bit of guts to write a positive review of a John Denver  album. I grew up with John Denver's music in my house and a few of the old  songs just kill me, they are too good. I'm not a big fan of the latter  portion of his career, but I give this album five stars for two reasons:  (1) creative arrangements of some old songs that sound pretty good, and (2)  &quot;Amazon.&quot; This is a new song, and a great live rendition. I think  it sums up John's philosophy and his commitment to things bigger than  himself. This song sends chills up the spine and is worth getting for this  song alone- as long are you're a fan. I don't think any non-fans will be  converted here."))
(5.0, (u'B000002SO0', u"I saw the film of The King and I first as a young boy and was overwhelmed  by its gorgeous score and enthralling drama. Also, fell immediately in love  with the radiant Deborah Kerr! I still consider the film score to be  superior to the other recordings available. The sumptuous orchestral  renderings still send chills down my spine, and the voices are all, at  least to me, perfectly suited for the roles. Yes, I know Marni Nixon dubbed  for Deborah Kerr, but that's irrelevant. It's always Ms. Kerr's face I see,  singing &quot;Hello, Young Lovers!&quot; on her palace balcony. In all, a  great recording  of a unique and matchless musical, which stresses, as  Rogers and Hammerstein often did, the need for tolerance in the world."))
(5.0, (u'B000003TBY', u"Her first solo outing following the demise of 'til tuesday finds Aimee  Mann at her creative peak.  There is not a song on &quot;Whatever&quot;  that doesn't strike a familiar chord.  Whether it's the strikingly personal  tone of a not-so-mutual end of a relationship (&quot;Stupid Thing&quot;), a  veiled plea for success (&quot;Put Me On Top&quot;), or looking back at  days gone by (&quot;Fifty Years After The Fair&quot;) no other album this  decade has a common feel through uncommonly good songwriting.  The  production from Jon Brion, unconventional and risky, perfectly compliments  the mood and meaning behind each song.  The only record that nears this  perfection is the self-titled debut from Stretch Princess, but  &quot;Whatever&quot; stands alone as a must have.  In this Age of Lilith,  Aimee Mann deserves far more attention and success than she has received.  Put some hope in the bottom of the box and discover Aimee Mann and  &quot;Whatever.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'0782009980', u"I remember the first time I saw Invasion of the Body Snatchers. I was  scared. Very scared. I've lost count of the number of times I've watched it  in the intervening years, yet seeing it in its original aspect ratio on  this dvd was like seeing it again for the first time. This cleaned up,  digitally remastered version is excellent. Although not on a par with the  stunning Psycho Collector's Edition, Invasion's black and white picture is  reasonably sharp and has a lot of depth. The sound is, naturally, mono but  clear and has minimal hiss.The movie still has the power to invoke an  incredible sense of paranoia. Kevin McCarthy - in easily his finest role  (Flamingo Road, anyone?!) - plays Miles Bennell with assuredness, making  his transition from a calm rational man into the panicked messenger of  humankind's ultimate fate all the more enthralling.Memorable moments  abound: the seed pods in the greenhouse, the final kiss, the closing  moments on the freeway. All are outstanding, but the scene guaranteed to  rivet you to your seat is when the eyes of the body on the pool table open  for the first time - a masterfully directed scene courtesy of Don  Siegel.Easily on a par with other 50's sf classics such as The Day The  Earth Stood Still and Forbidden Planet (and Invasion has more tension and  excitement than either) this comes highly recommended. But don't watch it  just before you go to bed...  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000ISW', u"If you're not interested in 20 minute long songs, hard drving guitar and  rhythm sections, sci-fi inspired lyrics, long instrumentals, a high pitched  voice singing the lyrics, then 2112 is not for you.  This is Rush's fourth  album, their breakthrough which legitimately set them to become one of the  most lyrically profound and musically astute power trios in the entire  world.  2112 (pronounced &quot;twenty one, twelve&quot;) is the main song  on the album.  It tells of a society ruled by the communist priests of the  Temples of Syrinx who believe in crushing the human spirit so every one  lives according to a lifeless conformity.  The hero dares to defy them and  leads the revolution through music.  How does it end?  Listen to the album.  Also  present are five lesslengthy songs like A Passage to Bangkok, which  sounds like a shopping list for drugs, Something for Nothing, a song that  defines reality itself, the acoustic show-stopper Tears, the Twilight Zone  and Lessons.  The lyrics of most songs are done by drummer Neil Peart, who  sounds like a college professor.  Alex Lifeson contributes hard-rocking  guitar lines which soar and frighten.  And bassist, vocalist, keyboardist  Geddy Lee sounds like a Medieval minstrel.  At times you almost start to  think that he is the hero of the story.  A classic album and a must have  for any serious lover of heavy  metal and lyrical profundity."))
(5.0, (u'B0000034GV', u"With this new release, Seattle's F&amp;D move firmly into Cowboy  Junkies/Mazzy Star phantasmorgic rural neighborhood.  Dilapidated barns,  the lonesome baying of a coyote, dust devils, blue-silver moonlight  describing a weathervane...we're all familiar with the architecture.  Dara  Rosewasser's voice starts out the first track, with a cathedral-pure  soprano, leading you to believe this will be a churchy, madrigal-type  number.  But after her solemn opening, a guitar whines, and up starts the  backing band, muted and blurring (with gossamer-thin tendrils) the  difference between country, blues and goth.  &quot;Insularia&quot; is a  great *album*, a vast improvement over the 'collection of songs' feel of  their previous work.  Each piece has its place and unfolds perfectly.  The  two covers -- &quot;I come and stand at every door&quot; and  &quot;Witches&quot; perfectly complement and aid the theme of unresolved  longing and lost.  Rosewasser's voice has become a formidable instrument.  Imagine Natalie Merchant vectored in the direction Ann Halsam  (Renaissance).  The perfect soundtrack to a Cormac McCarthy novel."))
(5.0, (u'B0000036X3', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Originally hailed as the second coming of the Velvet  Underground, YLT has established itself as one of the most original bands  of the '90's, not to mention the best live band around. The tunes (like the  Velvets) range from hypnotic melodies (with drummer Georgia Hubley's  soothing vocals) to scorching guitar &amp; feedback workouts (with hubby  Ira Kaplan kicking serious a**) -- often within the same song.  While this  16-song cd is overlong, I look at it as an unbelievable 9-song album with a  bunch of bonus cuts tacked on at the end. From the melodic beauty of  &quot;Autumn Sweater&quot; to the bubblegum power-pop of  &quot;Sugarcube&quot; to the blistering sonic overload of &quot;Deeper Into  Movies,&quot; this is the best album yet from the most consistently  engaging band of the decade."))
(5.0, (u'B000000993', u"Those who do not say that this is Tool's best album have obviously not  listened to this one enough. I've listened to the CD almost a thousand  times and I STILL find things I haven't noticed or appreciated.From the  get go, Intolerance puts you on the edge of your seat and makes you want to  punch a whole in a wall dealing with frustration and ignorance. Prison Sex,  Sober, Bottom, Crawl Away... what more can be said about these incredible  songs that push your emotions around like hockey players do to a puck?  Undertow has to be my favorite song of all time.... lyrics, voice, music,  and that strangely heavy/bluesy rhythm at the end of the song, define  Tool's musical epiphany. Undertow is a must for any metal/rock/hard-rock  enthusiast."))
(5.0, (u'B000001XSC', u"Arguably one of the best Dub albums to ever grace the genre.  A very good  pick for someone who is not to familiar with Dub music (instrumental reggae  with little to no vocals) as well as for those who collect it.  Most of  Scientist's albums include the brilliant musicianship of the Roots Radics  band, and this is no exception.  This is definitely one of those albums you  will keep around and listen to forever - I'm currently on my second copy of  the album, I wore the first out.  However, if you're looking for something  that sounds like Ziggy Marley or UB40, this is not for you. Scientist got  his start working under King Tubby, the originator of Dub, and is very much  a Roots Reggae artist who combines heavy bass, crisp and clean well  pronounced drums and lots of echo effects to truly 'mash up the place.'  -  KCA"))
(5.0, (u'B000009ROD', u"You really can't find anything better than this album.  This group of  Christian rockers from Normal, IL are phenominal.  Led by vocalist Andy  Osenga The Normals have put together one of the best albums I've ever heard  with 11 very solid tracks.  Songs range from their hit single  &quot;Everything&quot; to a song about the guitarist's pet duck who sadly  passed away (&quot;What's Ailing Norman?&quot;).  The lead singer of  Sixpence None the Richer, Leigh Nash, also makes a appearance on &quot;If  Tomorrow Was Forever.&quot;  Make sure you check out this fast rising  Christian group.  This album will truly make you feel closer to God, body  and soul."))
(5.0, (u'B0000014ZN', u'The soundtracks are excellent. They are a must have for those of us who  love to watch Xena each week. For those of you who may not know, there is a  third soundtrack. It is the entire musical that was aired. I think it is  the best. All the music on all three tracks can take you back to each show  they were aired on. It is a great way of remembering each show as you are  driving down the road. The first soundtrack has a song called Burial. It  was writen and sung by Lucy Lawless. It is a must have. She has a beautiful  voice and it is a really beautiful song. For those of us who has lost a  loved one, this song can bring back memories. Again, these are must have  tracks for those who love watching Xena.'))
(5.0, (u'B000003PTO', u"Many people figured that when Badfinger went out from under the wing of  Apple records in 1973 that they would wilt without the guiding hands of the  Beatles behind them. This album proves once and for all that Badfinger were  truly a great band in their own right. Recorded under immense pressure from  Warner Brothers to produce a sure-fire hit album, Badfinger came up with  their finest album, and probably the best album of the 70's nobody's ever  heard. From the initial guitar blast of &quot;Just a Chance&quot; to the  final coda of &quot;Should I Smoke&quot; Badfinger hits nothing but  bullseyes. The desperation and tension between the band and their label to  be patient with them comes through in the hook-laden lead-off track  &quot;Just A Chance&quot;. Guitarist Joey Molland's frustration boils over  in &quot;Got To Get Out Of Here&quot;, forshadowing his departure from the  band soon after the release. &quot;In The Meantime/Some Other Time&quot;  rivals vintage Yes with its intricate time signatures and sudden tempo  changes. I really hate to use the Beatles reference with Badfinger, because  it's unfair to compare them, but the album has the grandness and yet utter  finality that Abbey Road has. It's as if the band knew it may be their last  chance, and threw every ounce of effort into the songwriting and playing.  This album would have made them superstars in the U.S. for sure;  unfortunately poor management derailed them, as a dispute with Warner  Brothers caused by their manager forced Warners to pull the album from the  shelves. Molland quit in disgust shortly after, and Pete Ham comitted  suicide the next year, effectively ending Badfinger as a band. What  happened to Badfinger is one of the great tragedies of rock and roll. Don't  pass this one up and deprive yourself of a great band at the top of their  game."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZFN', u'Well, what can I say?  You can tell by my \'net name that I am a big fan of  Tull, but it doesn\'t get any better than this album (this is where the name\'s from, in fact!).  Never has a band been  so original that you simply CAN NOT listen to this and say "oh, that  sounds like every other band".  As has been mentioned in one or two of  the other reviews here, there are various outtakes available, known  collectively as the "Chateau D\'Isaster" tapes.  This is Jethro  Tull during their greatest creative period.  It\'s true however that it usually takes some getting used to.  But that\'s  part of what makes it so great, it\'s not what you\'re used to hearing.  It  is original, creative, impressive, and full of meaning (hidden and  otherwise) which for the most part portrays Mankind realistically in a way  most people don\'t dare to confess to.  Dark, moody, and just plain bizarre.  I never tire of listening to this, and while the track divisions of the  gold disc are a great help in figuring out the actual story, I always  listen to this one from beginning to end, all 45 minutes of it.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000JO3', u"I first heard Minor Threat when I was 15. I was in the 9th grade. I rode a  skateboard. Minor Threat defined a style which, for musically unfortunate  reasons, came to be the jock-like, locker-room-esque boy's club called  &quot;hardcore&quot; and also, for socially unfortunate reasons, served as  an impetus for the current &quot;straight-edge&quot; scene.  Fortunately,  the group's most visable and vocal member and frontman, Ian Mackaye, moved  on to more musical endeavors (Embrace, Egg Hunt, Pailhead, Skewbald and  presently, Fugazi.) But I will say this: I'm 26 now. 11 years later, the  songs on this record still speak to me and are just as evocative as when I  first heard them. Consider it an investment in your future well-being."))
(5.0, (u'B000007S8J', u"I am a real big fan of the CJ's and always thought Trinity Sessions was  one of the finest albums ever. But this new album is simply stunning. It is  very upbeat and completely different than the other stuff and who wants to  keep the status quo. New Dawn Coming is poppy and catching- not what I  wanted or expected from this band but I love it. Blue Guitar is Vintage and  when they opened with it in concert I thought it was from the second album.  Those Final Feet is about as cool as it comes. It could be the mantra for  any body older than 30; especially people like me who had to rush out of  the concert becase the baby sitter had to be home by midnight. Also my 3  year old daughter loves this album. Enough said."))
(5.0, (u'B0000026RL', u"When this album was released in 1989, &quot;Closer to Fine&quot; quickly  became an anthem for 20-somethings.  Amy and Emily's sound was so new and  so fresh that this first national release won them a Grammy for Best  Contemporary Folk Album that year.  They had been playing together for  several years, honing the nervy spirituality of thier vocal harmonies,  around the southeast and regularly at the Little Five Points Pub in  Atlanta.  Songs here like &quot;Closer to fine,&quot; &quot;Prince of  Darkness,&quot; &quot;Land of Canaan&quot; will make the hair stand up on  the back of your neck.  The emotional charge from this music will kick you  in the butt and grab you by the collar and send you heading in a new  direction with new determination, every time. The last two tracks on the CD  are less spectacular and more uneven, but you really need the rest after  listening to the first 8 tracks.  Everyone should own this album."))
(5.0, (u'1572522313', u"This film, originally released in 1972 and re-released on video in 1998,  is the best interpretation of the Alexander Dumas novel ever made.  The  movie cast list reads like &quot;Who's Who of American Cinematography for  the 1970's,&quot; but suffice to say all of the performances are excellent.  Of particular note is the incredibly powerful and subtle performance of  Charleton Heston as Cardinal Richelieu, or the sympathetic and sorrowful  role of Athos/Comte de le Fere as portrayed by Oliver Reed.  This movie is  crammed full of historically accurate costumes, tools, weapons, inventions,  buildings, books, food, etc.  It is a veritable history lesson in a most  palatable form.  The fight choreography, employed masterfully by William  Hobbes, makes this film an example for every theater/renaissance faire  fight student.  Lastly, the movie remains true to many of the details of  the book that other versions gloss over, like the fact that D'Artagnon is  plainly having an affair with the wife of his landlord, not the daughter,  as portrayed in earlier films.  Interestingly enough, the sequel to this  movie, &quot;The Four Musketeers,&quot; was never designed to be such.  The  producer, Alexander Salkind, chose to release a second film, rather than  cut any parts out of the story.  The actors, however, were only paid for  one film, resulting in  &quot;The Salkind Clause,&quot; held in all modern  movie contracts that states that the actor is being paid for one film, and  one film only.  If you buy no other films in 1998, buy this and it's  sequel.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OSA', u"Andy &amp; Colin learn to write pop songs with an edge in this latest  edition of the XTC press.With Dave Gregory on board, the band now had a  melodic edge that they lacked with Barry Andrews. Andrews added a more  chaotic touch to the band's songs with his off the wall keyboard parts.  While that wild energy was missed(part of the fun of early XTC albums was  listening to Partridge &amp; Moulding discover the melody and then  promptly--with Andrews extensive help--bury it).Gregory provided some  order amongst the choas and, by doing so, allowed Andy &amp; Colin to  mature as songwriters. This transitional album(that is not intended as an  attack)showed the band straddling the fence between the &quot;punk&quot;  sound that they never fully embraced and the mid-60's Kinks-Beatles sound  that found full flower on SKYLARKING.&quot;Sgt. Rock&quot; is the  classic comicbook hero song(sorry Paul, &quot;Magneto &amp; Titanium  Man&quot; just doesn't compare and Kate, while &quot;Ken&quot; has its  moments it lacks the identifaction factor of &quot;Sgt. Rock&quot; for the  boys in the crowd). The b sides fit in well with the rest of the album and  its obvious that these were leftovers(what leftovers!)that didn't make the  final line up.My only complaint, minor at that, is that Virgin/Geffen  should have put the bonus tracks at the end of the album with a little gap.  It disturbs the continuity of the original album. Still, a minor  complaint(it's more of an issue with some of the bonus tracks from the  pastoral MUMMER).A fine XTC album to start off your collection. These  guys are among the smartest pop songwriters today."))
(5.0, (u'B000000S2P', u"I ran across the Marshall Tucker Band after hearing &quot;Can't You  See&quot;, a beautiful, heart-wrenching song of jealousy and utter despair.  I liked the song so much, I found out who the artist was and bought this  album.All the songs have a smooth, easy-on-the-ears sound.  I guess  you could call it 'country-rock' (like Charlie Daniels, Lynard Skynard,  Allman Bros., Molly Hatchet, etc.), but I don't know if any of the other  bands, even Lynard Skynard, are as downright *listenable* as this one at  its best.I have never been a fan of country western music, but this CD  should appeal to a much wider audience if they would just give it a listen."))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTL', u"This is one of the best &quot;greatest hits&quot; compilations I've ever  had the pleasure to own.  This cd is a joy to listen to, not just for the  songs themselves, but for for the obvious fun that TMBG has performing them  live.  Many of the songs have been tinkered with musically, compared to the  original versions that made my college years more bearable. Even though I  abhor the presence of new songs on greatest hits compilations, &quot;Dr.  Worm&quot; and &quot;...Theme&quot; keep the faith.  Finally, the  &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; suite is both a witty tribute to the  god-awful movies of the same names and a hillarious spoof of musical styles  and personalities; for example, &quot;Escape...&quot; is an on-target  send-up of the Rolling Stones; true genius."))
(5.0, (u'B000009QU9', u'Lux Vivins is an amazingly beautiful and powerful recording that belongs  in any record collection.  While listening, I was transported to a world of  both earthly battles and sublime mystical emotions; a world existing in the  past combined with the eternal moment of spiritual vision and experience.  Others I have shared this remarkable recording with have experienced  similar and even more profound feelings.The included Quicktime movie  shows the deep thought and care that went into Lux Vivens, and gives an  introduction to Hildegard of Bingen, a brilliant healer, artist, musician  and a saint.This recording is catagorized as &quot;New Age&quot;.  However, it crosses borders and would be difficult to catagorize as New  Age, Religious, or Classical.  At times it is like watching a movie without  a screen, so powerful is the tapestry of sound.A throughly amazing  recording I listened to several times withou stopping the first evening I  brought it home.  Kudos to Jocelyn Montgomery on her first (hopefully of  many) album.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADG2', u"The real beauty of Lauryn Hill's hypnotic solo album is the clarity and  honesty of her message.  Yes, she has a powerful, emotional voice which  ranges from intricate rhymes to sultry growls, but what worth is the voice  if the message is empty?  Not to worry, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill  registers strongly and intimately as a voice of today.  A proud black  female voice which will probably intimidate many male listeners, but not  this one.  Her complaints are honest and true, her  beatitudes cut deep  into the listeners heart.  Why can't men make this kind of honest and  intelligent  hip-hop album?  Probably because they are not creators like  women.  Lauryn Hill is a CREATOR in the truest sense.  She captures the  flavor of the medium of Hip-Hop, but reinvents it with the genius of  focusing on her heart and mind.  Yes, there are social issues to discuss,  without turning the album into a &quot;Spoken Word&quot; treatise on  urban  life.  A rare gem of an album which benefits greatly from continued  listening, as each song flows effortlessly into the next.  Like an earlier  5-star album by a black woman, Neneh Cherry's &quot;HomeBrew&quot;, the  range and depth resonates from within. To label this album  &quot;Hip-Hop&quot; is the simple and obvious way to sell it, sadly there  are no musical genres that truly capture the heartfelt sound of Lauryn  Hill's 1st masterpiece.  This listener hopes there are many more to come."))
(5.0, (u'B0000073BC', u"annie haslam - renaissance  - novellathe english folk scene that became  popular in the 1960s has proven to be very durable. most of the performers  and bands who started the scene are still active, and many are doing some  of their best work. one of the most notable facets of the style is role  played by some distinctive women vocalists. the archetype was the late  sandy denny of fairport convention, with her smoky alto that seemed always  seemed to evoke misty castles from a bygone era. in addition to denny,  there was maddy prior of steeleye span and jacqui mcshee of the pentangle,  linda thompson, norma waterson, and of course annie haslam of renaissance,  who sometimes got folky between her excursions into symphonic rock!the  title of this 1977 album is rather appropriate as it implies that the story  told here is a short one, and indeed it does  last only for a little over  40 minutes, but is as gripping and compelling a tale as you will hear  anywhere. i came very late to an appreciation of the 70-80's group  renaissance, for although i was aware of them in their hey-day, and even  bought some of their albums, i did not become a fan as such. it has only  been within the last year as a result of corresponding with internet  friends, that i have started to listen to their music in earnest and have  been rewarded by coming to know and love 'novella'.annie haslam, the  vocalist whose amazing five-octave range powered renaissance gives, for my  money, her most inspired performance, and sings with more passion and  feeling than on any previous or subsequent recording.novella is a  fascinating collection of influences, that in some ways reflects the group  of musicians that was renaissance. there are melancholy lyrics that  occasionally contrast with an upbeat settings. sometimes the music can be  contemplative, while at other times it will combine the french horn,  strings, classical guitar and beethoven sonata-like piano, with an  otherwise wistful mood topped by ethereal-sounding keyboards. the sum ends  up being greater than the parts, and despite the variety of moods, the  record always remains interesting, with haslam's beguiling vocals wrapping  around the songs and drawing in the listener.the music you will hear is  a rebirth of classical music translated into the contemporary idiom, as  hinted in the groups name, combining  the beauty of classical music written  by michael dunford, powerful, yet vaguely impenetrable lyrics written by  betty thatcher, in an album that never loses the familiar rhythmic appeal  of the rock sound.the five cuts on the album address a wide variety of  subjects; ranging from the nature of love to the evils of worldly greed.  but throughout it all, annie maintains that for which she is so well-known,  and which she does so well: her exquisite vocal style, and somehow draws  the disparate chapters of 'novella' together into a cohesive whole.the  album begins with one of its most electric tracks, 'can you hear me call  your name'. this song, with its up-beat, dramatic and vaguely symphonic  sound works a common metaphor into observations about relationships and  communication. in classical terms, this would be the allegro movement. it  sets the scene and creates the mood for what is to follow quite  beautifully.one of the most lyrically appealing songs is called 'the  sisters', whose consideration of the relationship between the secular and  religious worlds and the passage of time in one's life, provides stirring  images with which many will be able to  strongly identify. it opens with a  grand piano bass string being struck like a church bell.the sisters  worked for the people round them their spanish lace wove some bread for the  poor and they cared and tried but were worn with their fears and the years  of heartbreakdust and wine stained the men who knew them the sweat of  days in the angry sun and the men were weak, and they cried and they asked,  &quot;sisters, make us holy.&quot;the sisters prayed, &quot;give us hope  for something.&quot; the men asked, &quot;where is your god today?&quot;  and the empty eyes as the sisters prayed held their thoughts  unspokenthere was nothing they could do earth was dust for miles around  nothing new survived everything was barren on the land and the truth they  tried to understand just diedeverything was barren on the land and the  truth they tried to understand just died 1977 (dunford, thatcher,  tout)novella is a highly enjoyable work by a first-class chanteuse of  the 1970s, 80s and 90s, combining the romantic singing style of the past  with more contemporary arrangements, and a good deal of eclecticism. the  songwriting by dunford and thatcher is first-class, and the diverse  arrangements allow annie haslam  to run through the range of emotions and  moods, showing her versatility and thoroughly good taste.sonically, the  album is also quite worthy. the fact that this was a recording made over  twenty-two years ago makes residual background noise a bit higher than it  might have been in a modern recording, but the mix is outstanding, helping  add to the cd's distinctive ambience.in my opinion novella is the finest  of haslam's twenty-seven year career."))
(5.0, (u'B000007OK2', u"An ectletic collection for a multi-talented performer.  Here the listener  gains a glimpse of the versatility, humor, and raw energy of Mr.  Entertainment.  Although the A&amp;E mini-biography of Darin, which runs as  a CD-ROM program, leaves less room for music, the fourteen songs, ranging  from country to rock to folk  to standards, provide a good sample of  Darin's diversity.  Particularly rewarding are the rare, previously  unavailable live performances.  Darin's showmanship comes out swinging on  these live tracks, where Darin shines on traditional standards, torch  songs, country, and rock.  Although several of the Darin CDs offer Mack the  Knife and Beyond the Sea, the live versions on this disc stand out for  their humorous departures from the classic recordings.  The  seven-minute-plus Beyond the Sea finds Darin venturing into a musical  monologue comedy routine, while the live Higher &amp; Higher follows its  title, bursting with more and more energy until its explosive conclusion.  Finally, the CD ends fittingly with the gorgeous torch song The Curtain  Falls--recorded live--which depicts the somber parting of entertainer and  audience.If you seek the standard recordings of Darin, look  elsewhere.  But if you want a taste of the master showman at his prime,  pick up this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B0000047IW', u'I am an amateur jazz enthusiast that was turned on to this compilation by  an ex-lover.  We would listen to this CD together on long car rides or late  into summer evenings on a veranda overlooking the city of Chicago, smoking  cigars and taking in the pulse of the night.  What is so special about this  particular CD is that the balance of the variety of the songs mirror the  ups and downs of a relationship when you share the CD with a partner.  While enjoying this aspect of the CD the listner is also exposed to a wide  spectrum of quality artists and songs - A great introduction into jazz that  can serve as a platform for further development and exploration.  Regardless of your relationships, this CD should serve as a solid addition  to your music collection.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000059J9', u"This, Goldman's latest album is one of the best overall albums I've heard  yet.  He crafts beautiful songs that are almost polished into a real pop  type pieces, but they still have this raw edge of honesty.  I discovered  this album listening to it in France this past year, and it just blew me  away.  There are the three or four of the hits that are good, but I find  the second cut to be one of my favorites, and the songs in which Goldman  draws on his eastern european background are some of the most interesting  instrumentally.  Unfortunately, the language barrier is apt to put some  people off, but If you like music and have an open mind, this CD would be a  good one to try."))
(5.0, (u'B000000X6C', u'If you have never purchased anything from Michael Stearns buy this album  first.  This is the tell-tale of all of his albums.  In my opinion he is  the modern day Mozart of ambient music.  His music can provoke strong  emotions when listened to.  There are many perfect compositions on this  album to relax and meditate to.  If you are a fan of classical music or  other new age artists (i.e. Vangelis, David Arkenstone, Yanni etc.) buy  this album.  Some of the best ambient music in the world has been written  buy Mr. Stearns.  Many have recognized his compositons in IMAX theaters.  This collection contains such work.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002529', u"David bromberg is one of those artists that one either loves or dosen't  get.  I was introduced to his music through Wanted Dead or Alive.It is a  good mixture of his writing ,arrangements and that wonderful bluesy vocal  style.  Bromberg is a unique showman alternating fiddle tunes with fully  arranged blues numbers.  Wanted...is a good showcase of his diversity. On  Someone Elses'Blues, you hear his humor while he brings you to the dark  world of his blues.He covers standards like Kansas City,and Wallflower  with big horn and string arrangements,and finishes with the ultimate  highway song The New Lee Highway Blues.This song gives you the feel that  you're at a Bromberg show with a gentile guitar beginning which speeds to a  fast and furious fiddle ending.  Bromberg has taken a haitus from  performing,until he's back on stage,at least we have his recordings of  which Wanted Dead or Alive is one of his best."))
(5.0, (u'B000003OW1', u"For anyone who is not familiar with Checkfield's music, this is the one CD  that you should get.  In fact, it's the only one that you CAN get, because  all their earlier work is out of print.It's incredible, really, to think  that the original CDs of this group are unavailable.  Checkfield  conistently has created some of the most innovative music, all of it  flawlessly performed and exquisitely produced.If you're not a musician,  you'll love the fact that Checkfield's music is somewhat intuitive&Scaron;it flows  naturally. But beware - the melodies will haunt you. You'll find that this  music can easily become a constant companion, whether you use it for  background while working, or for direct and intent listening.If you are  a musician, prepare for a university education in some of the most  brilliantly constructed pieces that you will ever hear. These guys are  masters of the art. I've heard these tunes dozens of times, and I still  find things I've never really HEARD before.For those who know  Checkfield's music, Reflections On A Decade provides a handy format for  accessing some of the group's best work without using a multi-disc CD  changer. Actually, I was happy just to be able to buy ANY Checkfield music  after their long hiatus, but there are new things here too.The bottom  line? Whether you're already a Checkfield fan or you're looking to discover  a great new musical experience, this CD is an extraordinary value!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000DM7', u"When Steve died, the music world lost a treasure that most people didn't  realize was there.  He was a gifted performer whose ease with spontaneous  creation was unsurpassed.  This collection features a song about a guitar  string that broke on stage, another occured when, in search of a cowboy  hat, he was instead passed a motorcycle helmet which inspired him to launch  into a medley that began with &quot;Born to be Wild&quot; and ended with  dead girlfriend songs.  The classics of Steve's are here such as &quot;City  of New Orleans&quot; and &quot;The Dutchman&quot;, but also there are  undiscovered gems such as a version of &quot;Time Goes By&quot; that gives  every indication of being recorded alone in a studio in the wee hours of  the morning and is intended as a love song for his absent wife that he  misses, &quot;The world will always welcome lovers...thank goodness...as  time goes by...&quot; Such boundless joy is wrapped in a sense of loss that  lies just around the corner (he was a Cub fan, of course).  This collection  cannot be more highly recommended.  Listen, and you will have discovered an  unmet friend..."))
(5.0, (u'B000000F1C', u"Not a lot to say about this album.  Peter Rowan is one of the best folk  artists out there, and this is, in this reviewer's humble opinion, his very  best album.  It showcases his talent for melody with an acoustic guitar  coupled with both beautiful and stark images to create a concept album  aimed at the dust bowl days of the midwest long ago.  The songs tell both  sad and gripping stories about things that did, and might have, happened in  those times.  'Little Mother' and 'Barefoot Country Road' are my favorites  along with the title track.  If you like Nanci Griffith, Richard Shindell,  or John Gorka, you'll like this album.  Two thumbs up!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007WE5', u"The hype was that the band couldn't go on without Ian Hunter.  The hype  was almost true, but if Mott had continued with music of the same quality  as on this album, they would've disproved it completely. Every song on the  album from the title number &quot;Shouting and Pointing&quot;, on out, were  well written, well produced, and very well performed.  The live show  promoting the album was virtually flawless, and true to the album.  Every  number has it's own personality, and, in my opinion, the album in general  was the best work this band ever did.  Excellent buy for Mott the Hoople  fans."))
(5.0, (u'B0000009UT', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  It's hard to pick a favorite Elvis disc: his debut,  My Aim Is True, was a great (but rough) blend of punk's energy and  traditional rock stylings; Imperial Bedroom was the work of a mellowed,  mature songwriter; and everything in between was an evolution of sorts. I  happen to be loyal to Armed Forces just because it is so tightly packed  with great pop/rock tunes, from his cover of Nick Lowe's &quot;(What's So  Funny 'Bout) Peace, Love &amp; Understanding&quot; to his anti-war anthem  &quot;Oliver's Army.&quot; Not a dull moment in the set. The Attractions  are at their best, their tight musicianship meshing perfectly with Elvis's  well-crafted tunes. Of his many great albums, this one does the best job of  bridging Elvis's angry young punk sensibilities with the more restrained  melodrama which would come to dominate later albums. And the folks at  Rykodisc have worked wonders with the sound, while adding numerous bonus  tracks."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KE5', u"School's Out is a classic!!! A must have for any Classic Cooper fan.  Though only really spawning the hit Title track, this album rocks with the  best of them.  Me being a bass player myself, Dennis Dunnaway is GOD, this  is his best bass perfomance as far as the original AC Albums go.  Besides  the title track, My Stars really rocks, and I love the West Side Story feel  of Gutter Cat vs. The Jets going right into the bass/drums of Streetfight!  Plus wrapping it all up in the concluding Grande Finale, School's Out is  fun, listenable, a definate classic, and one to blast on the last day of  Class!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009E7G', u"once in a while a voice of such quality and  beauty rises up that it transcends all  musical  styles and cultures. pia has such a  voice. her  gentle, echoing vocals and the  enigmatic  arrangements create a warm,  heavenly sound. it  is a gorgeous collection  of heartfelt songs. if  you like enya and  clannad you will adore pia's  benediction  moon  having listened to pia's benediction moon, i  can tell you with some authority that beauty  is  alive and kicking in this world! this cd,  recorded in essex, england came to me by way  of  california and was at the bottom of a  pile of  other recordings. it lay un-opened  and  un-played for three long days. finally,  i  placed it into my player and the sounds  that  came forth were an epiphany. i was  enthralled  and enraptured by this cd after  just one  listen. i know that this enchanting  recording  will continue to be played by me  for a very  long time.pia guarangi sings to express her  feelings,  to even release negative emotions in  a  positive way through singing. she sings from  the heart.  the  spiritual aspect of pia's music is very  important to her. pia has performed with  artists such as boy george, john richardson  and  dream academy. benediction moon is her  first  recording&quot;making this album was an  enormous turning  point in my life. i love  it&quot;. piaall tracks composed by g.dasi  and p.j.booker  except 'prayer' composed by  j.richardson.  angelus cantus composed by j.  richardson and  c. wilcox .  recorded at arcade studios, essex  produced and engineered by p.j.booker  executive  producer john richardson1. radhe (11:13)  2. benediction moon (8:35)  3. angelus cantus (4:43)  4. siren song  (11:19)  5. prayer (5:47)  6. feel free (8:34)vocals/harmonies - pia  keyboards/programming - peter j. booker  fretless bass - dave j. pryor  guitars - steve curtis  flute - ananga  manjari devi  mridanga - jagannatha suta das  djembe drums/sitar/backing vocals -  siddharta das  djembe drums -  john richardson"))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTV', u"Emmylou Harris' new album entitled Spyboy is a wonderful live album that  gives us every indication that Emmylou is still growing and moving on to  new heights.  While the album is mostly old songs done live, it is  refreshing to hear &quot;I Ain't Living Long Like This&quot; and  &quot;Deeper Well&quot; played by Buddy Miller, Daryl Johnson and Brady  Blade. This band really compliments the singer.  &quot;Wrecking Ball&quot;  was a big step for Emmylou and I, for one, thought it was a wonderful new  direction. This album shows that a live album can make the listener wish he  or she was there and indeed is there.  If this is any indication of  Emmylou's continued &quot;new direction&quot; I will be here to applaud her  all the way. All of the alternative and progressive stations should be  playing this album on a regular basis."))
(5.0, (u'B000009PZP', u"Miles purists often curl their lips at the churning, chaotic funk of his  early seventies music, but Smith and Kaiser's CD (amazing value for money,  a double for $20 or so) is a sharp reminder of how this primal roar  captured the spirit of an era and paved the way for so much modern music.  Highspots are the demented sax ensembles and solos, Kaiser's dead-on  wah-and-graunch guitar stylings, and Smith's eerie grasp of what Miles was  trying to do, but sometimes undershot. From the get-go, it doesn't sound  like an imitation, but more of a tribute. Minor quibbles: Kaiser should  have tossed the cheesy guitar-rack sitar effects and used a real sitar. And  Smith plays just a bit too clean. But anyone who loved Miles will flip over  this CD. And those who didn't, or were too young to get it: Hold on to your  hats. This is the real classical music of the late 20th century."))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADG5', u"This album is truly wonderful....Dolly gets back to her country roots and  makes the listener feel like he or she is right there in the Smokey  Mountains with her as she sings one song after another.  The first single  from the album, &quot;Honky Tonk Songs&quot; asks a question that I always  thought but never dared to ask...&quot;Why don't more women sing honky tonk  songs?&quot; The ballad entitled &quot;Blue Valley Songbird&quot; is about  a girl born in the Tennessee Hills who leaves the hills  after abuse from  her father and goes out to sing her story. As only Dolly can, she adds a  couple of gospel flavored songs to the album. She sings with such feeling  one would wonder if she isn't truly one of the angels in &quot;When Jesus  Comes Calling For Me&quot; and &quot;Shine On.&quot; Unlike some of the  albums produced by artists today, every song on &quot;Hungry Again&quot; is  written by Dolly. She makes it a family affair with her cousin producer  Richie Owens as co-producer. Great idea! This album is very worth what it  costs and will make you want to listen over and over again."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AEOX', u"Whatever You Want is a vocally stunning work. Taylor Dayne returns with  all the power and savvy that we have come to expect from her, and then goes  beyond even that. It is an A+ single, a nice prelude to her new album Naked  Without You.  Whatever You Want tops any dance track out right now, and  is sure to be a club hit. The vocal power she projects is overwhelming! The  single is a limited edition release, and once it is gone will not be  re-released. Amazon's price makes it well worth the buy, so grab two or  three and give them to your friends. You won't be disappointed, and neither  will they. The song is that incredible."))
(5.0, (u'B0000073AJ', u"These tracks, the accumulated B sides of the Automatic singles, come  across 4 CD's. Vocal tracks contains 4 tracks, which vary from great  (&quot;fretless&quot;)to silly (&quot;chance&quot;) but all are worth  hearing. The second CD, Instrumentals, is fun, but the least essential of  the box. &quot;winged mammal theme&quot;, their tribute to Batman, is great  though. And so to CD 3, cover versions. My personal favourite, this  contains &quot;arms of love&quot;, the original of which I have never  heard, but this track is so cool... Also, &quot;the Lion Sleeps  Tonite&quot; gets an airing, enough said, really! The last CD has B-sides,  going from the excruciating &quot;Ghost rider&quot; (very funny) to  accoustic pop song '89.  I bought this album 3 years ago, and havent  stopped listening. It's great. It's that simple!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005DQU', u"Now could someone please explain to me how this guy stays out of the  mainstream? I'm surprised he hasn't been offered some multi-kazillion  dollar deal at WBR or something. &quot;Pre-Emptive Strike&quot; has  something for everyone. For those of you interested in softer tunes, try  the four-part 'What Does Your Soul Look Like' or 'Hindsight'. For you  Hammond/Oberheim fanatics theres Organ Donor (extended overhaul)... which  in my opinion is a better version of the original on  &quot;Endtroducing&quot;. And then theres the gold nugget of the album,  &quot;High Noon&quot; which is an urban downtempo wonderland that sets an  example for artists like Soulslinger and Amon Tobin. You could either kind  of like &quot;Pre-Emptive Strike&quot;, or love it. There is no disliking  this album. But don't stop here... get &quot;Endtroducing&quot; too. Best  Songs: High Noon, Organ Donor, Hindsight, What Does Your Soul Look Like,  In/Flux."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025NR', u"I first heard the cut Wild Heart of the Young on the Wonder Years TV show.  It immediately tugged at my heart and as a well spun lyric will, made me  reflect on that one love of my youth that I can never recapture. This song  captures the true nature of loves found, underappreciated and lost. It's a  really nice spin on the age old adage, &quot;you don't know what you've got  til its gone&quot;. Karla can always bring heart felt emotion to her songs  and this CD is no exception. So if you want to listened to some laid back,  emotion laden songs that will take you on a roller coaster of life's pains,  this is the album for you. I still believe her first album is by far her  strongest, but this CD definately has material that would be included on a  greatest hits cd (we can only hope they will ever release one)."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EAN', u"I came across this band's song &quot;Stop Counting&quot; while watching a  recent episode of MTV's &quot;Daria.&quot;  I was blown away by the  haunting guitar riffs and the hint of Chrissy Hind in the Anne Preven's  powerful voice (Anne--I can't be the only one who's said that).The  entire album &quot; Wacko Magneto&quot; simply rocks.  Ednaswap mixes 70's  rock, 80's punk and 90's alternative to create a unique but familar sound  that is hard-edged and gritty.Much to my joy and surprise, Ednaswap  originally wrote and sang that Natalie Imbruglio hit, &quot;Torn.&quot;  Compared to the airy, soft-rock/pop version that Imbruglio did, Ednaswap's  version is raw, honest and earnest.  You have to hear this version--there  is no comparison.I highly recommend this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LJO', u'This is the album to have if you want to hear Roxy in their prime. A  representative collection of songs covering their concert tours from  1973-1975, the album is, stylistically, all over the place from the art  rock of "In every dream home a heartache" to the straight ahead  rock of "Out of the blue". The playing is outstanding with  Manzanera\'s snarling guitar solos and MacKay\'s screeching sax adding to the  intensity of the songs.Bryan Ferry is in fine voice throughout(there  isn\'t any mention of overdubbing and, since the band had split up by the  time this was released, its possible that there wasn\'t any.)and leads a  bruising "Pyjamarama" that rips the original studio recording to  shreds. "Both ends burning" with its campy back up vocals adds a  charming element to both the song and the album.Chris Thomas\'  production is spectacular and, though recorded in the early to mid 70\'s,  sounds sharper than most concert recordings from that time. The only fault  I can find is that when E.G./Reprise released this on cd, they should have  added bonus tracks. There\'s a terrific version of "For your  pleasure" from the same time frame that ended up as a b side to an  early single. Also, rumour has it that there are also terrific songs in the  can considered for the album from STRANDED & COUNTRY LIFE.This is  the Roxy Music album to have as it represents the band at their musical  peak. While HEART STILL BEATING(the expanded version of THE HIGH ROAD  album)has its moments, it never catches fire like this album.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002EO3', u"Alejandro Fernandez has a beautiful and sexy voice that more than does  justice to the romantic and sensual lyrics of the great songs on this CD.  He makes them come alive with passion!  Any woman who has shared intimate  moments with a man who spoke words of love to her in Spanish will melt when  listening to this CD!  Alejandro delivers each song with emotion and makes  listening to this CD a truly memorable experience.  It's to die for!  Fantastic!  The duo with Gloria Estefan (En El Jardin de Mis Amores) is  beautiful!  The song &quot;Si Tu Supieras&quot; will make you fall in love  with that special latino man all over again!  There is nothing like the  beautiful Spanish language to express true emotion, and no singing voice  better than that of Alejandro Fernandez."))
(5.0, (u'B000002U4T', u"This CD is another one of my favorites in the ULTRA LOUNGE series.  You  don't necessarily have to like the saxophone to enjoy these--you just need  to be the type of person who is galvanized by such memorable tunes as  &quot;Harlem Nocturne,&quot;  &quot;Street Scene,&quot; or &quot;One Mint  Julep.&quot;  Great stuff. Incidentally, on this CD, and on volumes 7 to  11, there is a very enjoyable and amusing bonus track (it's not listed, but  it's there after the last &quot;real&quot; CD track).  Listening to a  continental playboy-type wooing his lady while a lush organ percolates in  the background is one of the highlights of these and the other five  volumes."))
(5.0, (u'B000000I3B', u"People trash this album and say it's poorly mixed with questionable sound  quality and many musical spoofs not worth listening to, and I think anyone  who can read should be able to understand that much of the focus of this  record was for the band to poke fun at themselves and to show how far they  have come as performers. The live, almost improvisational style of  &quot;Satan is My Master&quot; as well as the audience interaction in  &quot;Underground&quot; are truly what the band is all about, or at least  in my opinion. Their talent is unquestionable, and the live cuts really  represent much of the fun spirit of these gifted musicians when they  perform live. 'Naked Baby Photos' was not made to wow audiences or to  become a best-seller, but more to give the fans a taste of the band's roots  and to exhibit their laid-back approach to creating the music we've all  grown to enjoy. I don't reccommend this album for those who are afraid of  imperfection and being different, but for those who truly enjoy the band  and the spirit that makes them up."))
(5.0, (u'0783233078', u"No doubt about it, this is the best high school film ever made, and it is  a cult classic.  It was based off the book by Cameron Crowe, and it starred  Sean Penn, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Judge Reinhold, Phoebe Cates, and Ray  Waltson as Mr. Hand.  This film also included first timers who are now very  well known: Nickolaus Cage(credited as Nickolaus Coppola), Forrest  Whitaker, Eric Stoltz, Anthony Edwards(co-star of Top Gun, star of tv's  ER), and Amanda Wyass (The very first Freddy Kruger victim, and former co  star of tv's Highlander The Series).  This film is what started it all in  the 1980's, adapted by the book by Cameron Crowe, who also wrote the  screenplay, is based on a true story.  Cameron Crowe was a man in his early  20's from Germany, who came to Ridgemont High in California, and disguised  himself as a student.  He recorded all the events that entire year, and he  then wrote the book.  You will love both the movie, the book, and Jeff  Spicoli(Sean Penn)!  END"))
(5.0, (u'6304342950', u'What I have to say is pretty much the same as evryone else,I watched Jude  because of Kate which I remembered  seeing on tv in Liverpool(very few  channels I amy add).The movie has great footage and is really pleasing to  the eye as well the sound track really adds to the movies feeling.At the  end I felt as if someone had took a knife and drove it into my stomach and  twisted it,this made me go further and read Jude the Obscure which was quit  good,and if you liked the movie you will also enjoy the BBC mini serise-but  sorry to say Kate is not in it.  END'))
(5.0, (u'B000000OTY', u"Rare is the &quot;live&quot; album that captures the experience and energy  of the actual concert.  Having seen Gabriel's Secret World Tour in person,  this CD is almost as good as being there.  (In some ways it is better: you  don't have some mope in front of you that you can't see around, or some  person behind you yelling &quot;this is so cool&quot; during every song.)  Gabriel's music normally entrances the soul; on this album, his music  enters your soul so it becomes a part of the music and the experience.  If  you are a Peter Gabriel fan, you must own this album.  If you are one who  simply &quot;likes&quot; Gabriel, you will enjoy this album.  Many  &quot;casual&quot; Gabriel fans have commented on how this album is far  better than they expected, and how they can listen to it again and again  and again. The only better way to capture this concert experience is  through the Secret World Live film."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J2S', u"I don't like beginning a review with a rebutle, but I was really upset at  the first two comments I read from a 'fan in San Diego', Adrian is a song  of words, words that speak the truth.  I saw her at Chicago Theatre the  week after leaving rehab after a motorcycle accident/2 week coma, and she  played Adrian and the words rang true, so to cut her for speaking the  truth, I take as an insult.  All her music stems from something that is  relatively 'real' comparred to that of the commercial rock we see around  us.  Jewel to me is a modern day Bob Dylan/Tom Waits, something our culture  is in need of.  If you do not have this album, please check it out.  It is  real, if you are like some 'fans' and have trouble grabbing reality I would  stay away."))
(5.0, (u'B000002JFB', u"The music to the Scarlet Pimpernel is breathtaking. The lyrics and music  make feelings of anxioty, love, and enthusiasum appear. Also, the cast is  one of the best I have evere seen or heard. Led by Douglas Sills, Terrence  Mann, and Christinae Andreas. Together they make an unbeatable cast. Sills  will capture with songs like Prayer and She Was There, Andreas will enchant  you with Storybook and Only Love, and Mann shall thrill you with Where's  the girl and Falcon in the dive,(Just as he did with Javert's suicide in  Les Miserables. Overall, this is the best story, musical, and cast I have  ever experienced in a Broadway show and I hope that you shall feel the  same."))
(5.0, (u'B000009QU0', u"Next Stop Wonderland is a tribute to Bossa Nova at its best. Listening to  late female singer Elis Regina's rendition of &quot;Triste&quot; with her  crystal-clear, quiet voice to bossa nova's beat turns the sadness of  anybody's solitude into musical bliss. Bebel Gilberto's  &quot;Corcovado&quot; is yet another gem of this charmingly soothing beat,  as are the famous &quot;The Girl From Ipanema&quot;, &quot;One Note  Samba&quot;, and &quot;Desafinado&quot;, which has been recorded by so many  prominent artists, including Sting, in a duo with conductor/ composer Tom  Jobim. This CD has put together a constellation of stars which will make  your quite nights ... oh, so much more lovely!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007QDR', u"If you like &quot;Spark&quot; but don't want to buy the album (&quot;From  The Choirgirl Hotel&quot;) this is defintely for you!!  In addition to  &quot;Spark&quot; you will get two new, unreleased songs that just might  presuade you to  buy &quot;Chiorgirl Hotel&quot;.  &quot;Purple  People&quot; is a slow, nice, jazzy little tune that is very catchy.  In an  instant, I assure you, you'll be hooked on the song.  With it's slow pluse  and quiet beat it's great as a relaxer.  &quot;Bachlorette&quot;  (one of  my favorite songs ever), on the other hand, is a quick-moving, fast-paced  song.  It's flows so perfectly...it's a really good song to sing-a-long  to!!  You'll probably find yourself doing that if you can figure out the  lyrics...it's tough, believe me!!  Anyway, it's a great, inexpensive CD  that is really worth it,"))
(5.0, (u'B000005B0T', u'Showing less of the commercialization of their second album, this is  Sister Hazel at its roots--before they were famous and before they were  opening for the Allman Brothers. If you like Somewhere More Familiar, this  one does a one-up on that album, with more tight harmonies and more clean  instrumentation than the frequently electric-heavy album that made them  popular. &quot;Running Through Fields&quot;, &quot;Feel It&quot;, and a  beuatiful acoustic version of their radio hit &quot;All For You&quot; are  the best tracks, yet I rarely find myself skipping any of these feel-good  tunes from when the band was making music merely to have fun and please all  of their Gainesville fans.'))
(5.0, (u'B000000XB8', u"Too young to remember them first time round, I picked this album up after  noticing 'Lodi' was on it. Heard that on the 'Contraband' album (shenker et  al) and loved it. Seems like I know every song on this album, and every one  is a winner, with the possible exception of 'Heard it through the  grapevine' which at 11 minutes is a bit too long and, well, not really CCR  to me..... Apart from that, it sums up the sound of the US deep south in  the late 60's and if you dont know CCR too well, you get all their best  here. Chronicle II provides the best of the rest, but its not up to this  standard - but hey, that may just be me, and familiarity with the tracks?.  Five stars, well deserved."))
(5.0, (u'B00000153H', u'While this recording fills a big gap, it somehow does not measure up to  the conducting verve of Lionel Newman and Korngold in their respective  versions so well known to film music collectors.Some years ago (about 25  years!) Warner Bros issued a double LP set which includes excerpts from  Korngold`s Robin Hood score viz. the cue  where you can hear Errol Flynn  declaring his  welcome to Maid Marian: &quot;Welcome to Sherwood Forest, my  lady&quot; after a robust ambush of the  Sheriff`s party. I think this set  has never been re-issued on CD. It also contains excerpts from The Sea Hawk  and Kings Row. I don`t think the  recent Rhino Korngold double-CD versions  can  surpass these LP recordings issued by Warner Bros. I`m especially  appalled at the exclusion of the cue entitled Free At Last where the choral  exuberance is brilliantly captured via music, dialogue and choir.Kudos  to the late Tony Thomas for his innumerable contributions to film music but  unfortunately the Rhino Korngold has been marred by poor sound. In fact, my  copy of his book &quot;Music from the Movies&quot; fired my interest in  film music. I got to know the book existed through an LP soundtrack A Star  is Born (music by Max Steiner and starring Frederic March).Coming back  to Robin Hood, my vote goes to Korngold for his robust and beautiful score.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001BZT', u"I just cant keep this album out of the CD player. First listen was the  clincher, and that doesnt happen much to me. This collection contains  instant classics - devils right hand, snakeoil and Johnny come lately, that  beg you to learn all the words just to join it. Each one is a story,  unconnected, but with a kind of link somewhere that pulls this album  together. Steve puts such feeling into his songs, like hes singing as the  main character in the 'story' hes reciting - check out the title track!.  Saw Steve at the Glastonbury festival, in '98, with all the mud, and though  he played only a few from this album he proved to me it is his best."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WS7', u"This is a collection of early Vince Gill work before he made it  &quot;big&quot; with MCA Nashville.  Vince often plays several of these  songs at his concerts including the rousing up tempo tunes &quot;Turn Me  Loose&quot;, &quot;Oklahoma Borderline&quot; &amp; &quot;Cinderella&quot;.  It includes songs that he wrote when his wife was a big hit with her group  Sweethearts of The Rodeo, such as &quot;The Radio&quot; and  &quot;Everybody's Sweetheart&quot;. It also has the heart felt ballad  &quot;Colder Than Winter&quot; and an early version of &quot;I Never Knew  Lonely&quot;. There is 20 fine selections for a great price (really a  double CD for the price of one!)  Vince was putting out great country music  years before his biggest hits. This CD should be a part of any Country  Music lovers music collection!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003MWY', u"My husband and I like to think of ourselves as fairly sophisticated in our  musical taste.  We think &quot;Morcheeba&quot; is really on to something.  It takes a special kind of band to keep me interested...especially  listening to the softer stuff.  I hate parties with slow, syrupy music that  makes you want to nap or kill somebody.  These people are not just  musicians, they can compose melodys and arrange them!  What a concept!  I  just love both albums and can not wait for more.  The way they have pulled  off this slow, jazzy sound and kept is interesting is innovative and  magical!  They remind me of another all-time favorite American band that  has an &quot;M&quot; name...&quot;Morhpine&quot;.... and they may even be a  bit better......... or maybe they are what Boston-based  &quot;Morphine&quot; would be like if &quot;Mark&quot; wasn't so  &quot;male&quot;.  Have a teriffic day!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OAL', u"I would rate this album among the top debut rock performances of all time.  Many Queen fans have never heard 'Liar',one of Queen's best songs EVER.  &quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot; is May's finest power chord track and is  much better here than on any of the 'live' albums. The hypnotic beat of  &quot;Jesus&quot; and the beauty of &quot;Before the Night Comes Down&quot;  make the album even stronger. And of course, Mercury's singing is  unbelievable, from the tenderness of &quot;Doing all Right&quot; to the  power of &quot;Great King Rat&quot;. In addition, Roger Taylor's vocal on  &quot;Modern Times Rock &amp; Roll&quot; is his best on any Queen album.  There is not a weak song on the album. I have bought this music 4 times in  the form of album, 8-track, album again, and finally CD. You are not a  Queen fan unless you own this music."))
(5.0, (u'B000003G5R', u"I have had the honor of hearing Ragtime when it was just a compilation of  songs CD released with the Toronto cast.  Even then, I was immediately  drawn to its wonderful, tuneful, powerfully written score and the arresting  lyrics provided by the talented Stephen Flaherty and Lynn Ahrens.  Up till  now, I had always been a fan of their previous work &quot;Once On This  Island&quot; and was not disappointed by this fabulous score either.  In  fact, the newly released &quot;Broadway Cast recording of Ragtime the  Musical&quot; is a total delight and a must for anyone who has a taste for  musical theater scores, indeed, any good score.  I have not been this  moved by any piece of music since the beautiful Les Miserables appeared on  the scene over 10 years ago.  The lead voices such as Brian Stokes  Mitchell, Audra McDonald, and Marin Mazzie, will both dazzle and move you.  If you are fortunate enough to have seen the show, the CD will provide you  with a wonderful memory of your evening.  If you haven't yet seen the show,  the CD will allow you to listen to and visualize this beautiful epic in  your own way because it is so complete with both songs from the show and  needed dialogue to make it a totally involving theatrical experience right  from your own living room.  Don't miss either the show OR the CD.  Buy it  today........treasure it always!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003GA5', u"I saw the film version of Titanic before I had the pleasure of seeing the  stage musical. Given the grandeur of the film, I was expecting to be  bitterly disappointed with the play.  How wrong I was indeed.  The music  here is lush and rich with character development!  Those hoping the play to  be about the &quot;sinking&quot; of the boat, will be disappointed to find  that in fact, it is so much  more than mere effects!  It is about people!  Maury Yestons' score evokes the period (as he utilizes several styles of  musical genre), and also the emotion of the disaster itself.  I will admit,  I felt that having seen the play DID make me appreciate the score somewhat  better.  But now that I have seen it, the CD in my collection will always  afford me a wonderful memory of a most impressive piece of theater.  It is  beautifully sung, wonderfully orchestrated and intelligently written.  The  character development is so much better than in Mr. Yeston's previous  &quot;Grand Hotel&quot;.  Well done."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SNA', u"I was one of the lucky ones to see Etta debut this CD &quot;live&quot; in  San Francisco a few months ago.  A Breath-taking highlight that she closed  her concert with that night remains Breath-taking within this soulful cd:  I'll Take Care of You is worth the price of admission -followed by the  sensuous I Want to Ta Ta You, Baby, and just about every rockin cut here  (not a throwaway in the bunch)...A 1970's record cover title was Nothing Is  Betta Than Etta and the 1998 Etta is Betta Than Evah. This incredible cd  says it all!  Do yourself a favor and get sexy with Etta's Life, Love &amp;  the Blues!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007SRJ', u"This Cd is not for the average hip hop fan who when then think of top  quality Hip Hop they think: Wu Tang, Dr. Dre, Nas, or Ras Kass, all of  which are great artists in their own right. This is for the Hip Hop fan who  realizes the importance of albums by artists like Dr. Octagon, Company  Flow, and The Roots. Albums which they know their children will be  listening in the same manner in which we listen to Parliament or Roy Ayers.  Anti-Theft Device is a look into the future, so if you don't like it now,  wait a few years, it will grow on you."))
(5.0, (u'B0000005XV', u"John Prine is one of America's all time great song writers yet is almost  completely unknown in mainstream pop culture. What a shame, and what a loss  for anyone who hasn't tuned into John Prine at one time or another. Bruised  Orange is a classic piece of John's history with intelligently written  songs that always seem to make you reflect on subject matter that usually  just slips by in our day to day life. I still shake my head at the poetic  beauty of the chain of sorrow line from the title track. I highly recommend  this CD to anyone wanting to get their feet wet in the John Prine Life's  lessons experience."))
(5.0, (u'630492643X', u"I must admit that the only reason I picked this book up was the film. I  saw &quot;Oscar and Lucinda&quot; and even before my eyes were dry, I was  in my car driving to the nearest bookstore. Imagine my delight when I  discovered the book to be even enjoyable. From the first few paragraphs,  the characters become important to the reader, both on intelluctual and  emotional levels. You experience Oscar's alienation from his father, his  struggle to find his true path, his guiless approach to life, his sweet  smile. And speaking as a woman, Lucinda's fight to be recognized as a  individual still rings true today. While the prose is very visual,  everything our characters see, feel and hear is explained in painstaking  detail, dialogue does not play second fiddle. Through his words, we are  privy to their thoughts, as if we are eaves dropping on private  conversations, never meant to be shared. Mr. Carey gives his people real  dreams, real ideas, real souls. And it is the clarity of his prose, the  purity of his characters that surround you as you read. Oscar and Lucinda  did, and do, exist. Mr. Carey weaves these two in an out, picking out  poinient moments in their lives, allowing us to travel down that slippery  slope of obsessive/complusive gambling with them, until he brings them  together on the boat to Australia and their first fateful cardgame.Despite the book's rather depressing conclusion, this is what romance  novels should be. Not to say that &quot;Oscar and Lucinda&quot; can by  catagorized as a simple romance. It is much more. I guess you could say  that this book is a religious treatise, a travelogue, a history lesson, a  psychological study, and most definately, a love story all contained within  the same pages.  If you have begun to doubt that the human spirit can  triumph, that true love can be obtained, read &quot;Oscar and Lucinda&quot;  and all your doubts will be laid to rest.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000006NPY', u'Billy and the Pumpkins are said to have gone in a  new direction with  Adore.  True, the music is a different style than we are used to hearing  from them in the past, but the esseence of the Pumpkins remains the  same...Pushing the envelope of the alternative music world by showing us  that they are one of the most talented bands ever.  Adore is a gorgeous  exploration of feelings and new musical styles, and I gain something new  out of it everytime I listen.  The variety of sounds on this album is so  amazing.  The only thing missing are the pounding guitars that would  typically be found on one of their albums.  I would never be able to  declare any Pumpkins album my favorite, but this one is certainly in no way  a let down from the others.'))
(5.0, (u'B000008UTE', u"Rich has always meant a great deal to me.  You could not listen to his  music and see his life and not be reminded of the cost of being a follower  of Christ.  Rich could have hung out in Nashville and recorded and toured,  but he chose to teach Native American children.  He chose to live out the  life of Christ within him. The CD's were wonderful.  Hearing the Boom Box  demo tape was like having a private concert.  The second CD was a little  too polished in places for my tastes and I personally don't care for the  style of some of the artists chosen to cover Rich's material, but the Rich  Ellias, Phil Keaggy, Michael W. Smith stuff was top notch.  Ashley Clevland  should get another Grammy for her take on 'Jesus' - awesome! Rich always  pointed to the Savior and never to himself.  It's fitting that his final  statement on earth should do the same."))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTQ', u"Roomful's &quot;There Goes The Neighborhood&quot; takes the boys from  Providence in a whole new direction.  If you're expecting the same sound as  &quot;Dance All Night&quot; and &quot;Under One Roof&quot;, you might be a  bit disappointed as I was originally.  After listening to Mac Odom's  soulful stylings a second time, I was hooked.  Seemlessly switching from  songs as diverse as Doyle Bramhall and Duke Ellington, Mac just might be  the best of all of the Roomful frontmen.  With a voice that sounds like the  second coming of Percy Mayfield, the boys open with Mac's own  &quot;Backseat Blues&quot;.  Followed up with the title cut and Chris  Vachon's &quot;Just Like Dynamite&quot;.  After hearing Percy Mayfield's  &quot;Lost Mind&quot;, I'm sure he's looking down and smiling.  Don't  forget, the band lost almost half of it's ranks at Christmas, but the  additions have proven to be more than worthy.  John Wolf and Kevin May keep  the horn section as strong as ever, Marty Ballou brings a strong bass in  and why oh why Albert Weisman and his B-3 haven't been with the band before  is beyond me.  If evolution is the survival of the fittest then Roomful has  evolved (again) into the strength of the nation's R&amp;B bands."))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADG2', u"Lauryn Hill speaks to, for, and of the people in her intense pattern of  lyrical resonance.  The truth of her words devour you, the intense beats  hypnotize you, and the message changes your perspective--or gives you  perspective if you'd lacked it before witnessing the harmonic therapy of  Lauryn Hill.  &quot;To Zion&quot; sounds like an African chant praising the  birth of a savior.  Hill defines birth and the feeling of motherhood as no  one else has.  The imagery of the lyrics leave me believing in the strength  of Mary and the life of her son, in the possibility of heaven, God,  liberation, love, and spirits.  Thank you Ms.Hill for reintroducing reality  to a society lost in the quest for &quot;Benjamins.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002UZR', u"September 5, 1998Album reviewed:Moonlight In Vermont By Johnny  smithJohnny Smith, one of the Premier Guitarist who embraced Be Bop Jazz  in the 50s. He is great on this album.There were some Guitarist in the  50s that were held to be in the same category, as far as being the great  ones in Jazz. Johnny Smith, Barney Kessel, Tal Farlow, George Van Eps, and  I'm sure there were more that were not well known. It was a great time for  guitar. And some of the very best guitars were made during this time  period.Johnny Smith wrote:Moonlight in Vermont, the title cut of this  CD. The song made Smith Famous.At the time Johnny Smith recorded  Moonlight in Vermont, he was working in New York City, 52nd avenue, and  playing on the today show, trumpet there. Smith was a self-taught  guitarist, but I have never known if he taught himself trumpet or not.  Johnny Smith never achieved any fame on trumpet, but he made a pretty good  living from the work he had as a trumpet player.I had bought this album  and many more Johnny Smith Albums by 1964. When I went on my first Vacation  in Colorado, I stopped in at Johnny Smith's guitar shop in Colorado  Springs; he had just opened it about three month before I arrived on  Vacation. I got to shake his hand, and talk to him a lot. I'm sure he would  have liked for me to have purchased a guitar from him, since he was in  business, to make a living, but I didn't need another guitar. He was very  friendly to me. I enjoyed my visit wit him much.Johnny Smith's wife had  died, his health had gone bad, the doctor had recommend he leave New York  City and move where the sunshine was bright, and the air was pure. So  Johnny Smith had opened a Music Store in Colorado Springs, selling guitars  and amps.  And he was playing weekend jobs in Denver, on 17th street,  Shanners it was called, and was a Deli not a club. But it was a great Jazz  experience for Johnny Smith and his Quartet, and for those who went to see  the Great Be Bop Jazz Guitarist. The place was always filled with fans that  gave standing ovations.Well at Shanners I got to hear Johnny Smith and  his Quartet, Guitar, Piano, Drums, and Bass, play all the great songs on  this album. Johnny Smith was in his hey day in the 60s there in Colorado.  You simply could not possibly believe how good he was, and how wonderful  his music sounded. There can be no doubt that Johnny Smith was expressing a  very high-level of musical genius there at shanners, and on his recordings,  and there were many artistic recordings at this time.He made an album  with Stan Getz that was the most wonderful guitar and sax you could  possibly hear in this physical world. The Music was heavenly.  That album  was also Titled Moonlight in Vermont. This is one of my very Favorite  Johnny smith recordings. But it has not made it to CD.Johnny Smith made  an album with Art Van Damme, the Jazz Accordionist. It was the most  fabulous thing you imaginel. I did not know that accordion was a great Jazz  instrument until I heard this album. . By the way, there is an Art Van  Damme CD here on amazon.com He is a great Jazz Musician.All the songs  are great on this album I am reviewing, Moonlight In Vermont:There are  slow songs like:8. My Funny Valentine 10. Stars Fell On Alabama 12.  TenderlyAnd Johnny smith had pretty well become very famous for his slow  and tender type songs after Moonlight in Vermont became so popular.  However, he was very fast on guitar. Two fast Songs on this album are:2.  Tabu 5. Jaguar (alternate version)Listen to them and you will hear what  speed and technicque this gifted guitarist had.Well Johnny Smith  operated his Guitar Shop, selling guitars in Colorado Springs until he  retired I the early 1990s. I understand he lives on his Ranch near the  Springs, as Coloradans call that wonderful town.If you love Jazz  Guitar, there is none better than Johnny Smith.By the dobroman in Denver"))
(5.0, (u'B00000709E', u"This is the second Laura Fygi CD I bought and it only made me eager to buy  more and more of her works. Pity she hasn't done so many solo works. To  pinpoint ONE song as a stand-out is always so unfair but I guess one would  have to listen to &quot;For Once in my Life&quot;, &quot;Baby come to  me&quot;.. &quot;She's no Lady&quot; (an extremely cute song) and the  tear-jerker &quot;How am I supposed to live without you&quot;(hear the  lyrics carefully and you will see what I mean.)  Those who don't know Laura  Fygi don't know the musical treat they're missing"))
(5.0, (u'B0000072NU', u"Appearing in '85, this compilation remains one of the best available to  those of who believe in the strength of his earlier work, when compared to  the weak 'Earth Moving', for example.  Spread over two CD's as opposed to  the flabby 'Elements' package, you get the classic short instrumentals  ('Blue Peter', 'Guilty' etc), the best songs ('Moonlight Shadow', 'Crime of  Passion' etc) on CD 1.  CD2 brings generous snippets of the early  full-length works - 'Tubular Bells' &amp; the seminal 'Ommadawn', but these  are supplemented by four live tracks, from a 4-year period ending in '84.  Listen to 'Mount Teide' - LOUD - and tell me straight you don't believe in  the power of live music - even in a recording - to move the soul and send  shivers down the spine.  Awesome.  A genuine Five-Stars."))
(5.0, (u'B0000072NW', u"Given the amount of unreleased and otherwise rare tracks from Oldfield out  there, this collection could have been Virgin's opportunity to lay the  ghosts to rest and to finally do justice to the artist with whom the label  was launched, back in 1973.  In the event however, the collection was a  major disappointment to his legions of established fans.I think the  biggest problem with it, is that it concentrates on trying to act as a  'primer' for new fans seeking an elaborate 'best of' compilation, rather  than as a neat loose-ends exercise for collectors.  The accompanying  booklet is poorly written and is riddled with a multitude of typos and  actual errors of fact, and the track listing itself is predictable,  unimaginative and plays safe - all in the aforesaid attempt of acting as a  primer.For those of us who can boast complete collections however, the  odd snippets of new material here are not sufficient reason to buy.  For  that reason then, I offer 5 stars for the music (if you're new to Mike's  material), but only 1 star if you're already a fan.  Buy TBIII instead -  possibly as good as Amarok and certainly as emotionally charged.  A return  to form."))
(5.0, (u'B0000059UX', u"SATURN RETURN was our first exposure to Cosy Sheridan. We purchased the  album after a five-song &quot;taste&quot; at a concert, and enjoyed it  after the first play. Hundreds of plays later, it's won and held its status  as an all-time personal favorite!&quot;Broken Place&quot; opens this  collection, with a muse on the bruises and terrors and injuries that often  become stronger after repair. The theme of acceptance flows easily into  &quot;Perfect,&quot; acknowledging the necessity for &quot;giving up wings  for these needful feet of clay.&quot; The mood lightens with &quot;Car  Phones and Airplanes,&quot; a dreamy love song of how it might be if she  and her lover were wildly affluent.The unmistakable Sheridan humor  bursts forth in &quot;Roadfood,&quot; an engaging comic piece about cross  country driving:&quot;I've eaten everything in reach of the front  driver's seat / But there's more in the back of the car / I'd have to lose  a little time to make those Doritos mine / I've tried, I can't reach that  far.&quot;&quot;Blue Angels&quot; is Cosy in a more pensive place, still  travelling but on her way home now. (The title is a reference to the planes  that &quot;fly wing to wing all alone.&quot;) More bawdy Sheridan humor is  represented in &quot;Turboyeast,&quot; often a concert favorite. &quot;Late  Night Love Talk&quot; and &quot;My Good Companion&quot; are separate sides  of a woman evolving into a level of maturity, content with a lover or  drawing boundaries with a self-destructive friend: &quot;I've lost the  romance for wounds that won't heal / I don't think we find our courage  getting broken on the wheel.&quot;This powerful album closes with the  stirring &quot;Walk Into Heaven,&quot; a wonderful gospel-flavored hymn  with strong traditional appeal. Finding strength and hope is a familiar  theme in Cosy Sheridan compositions, and it's presented here in a way that  invites singing along.Cosy Sheridan is an artist who blends the very  best of acoustic music. She is a superb and concise lyricist, whose economy  of expression rivals the best published poetry. Musically her compositions  are delightful, and her deft touch on the guitar is flawless. She carries a  message of strength and spirituality woven in with an inescapable dry wit.  (Pardon the hyperbole: my husband and I admit that we would BOTH like to  have her babies, but that's another review...)If you're a long-time Cosy  fan, don't miss this one. And if you haven't heard Cosy Sheridan but have  room in your collection for a new voice, I can almost  guarantee that  you'll enjoy this. (Head bangers need not apply...)"))
(5.0, (u'B00000219K', u"Corin Tucker, Carrie Kinney and Lora Macfarlane put the punk rock boys,  jocks and Clintonesque womanizer wannabes in their place with a scathing  CD.  Musically and lyrically, the Sleater-Kinney debut CD is simultaneously  castrating and energizing.  The trio reinvents what was briefly called  post-punk in the early '80s into a snarling, slam-dancing, pogo-ing mass of  music that will send your feet flying and your cat running out of the room.  Yet the band exhibits the capacity to be emotional, brave and poignant on  gems like &quot;slow song&quot; and &quot;the last song&quot;.  Musically  they trod ground close to The Pixies, Hole, PIL and others.  But somehow,  they become more than these other bands.  When angry on &quot;a real  man&quot; they don't just retread the punk cliches, they seduce and shock  alternately.  A cascade of aural alienation descends upon the listener in  the more melodic &quot;the day I went away&quot; and the sheer drone of  &quot;her again&quot;.  Exene Cervenka of X is probably the only female  artist who has reached the level of the Sleater-K's in the past.  Many have  tried, Siouxsie Sioux and her Banshees, Lesley Woods of the Au Pairs, Kim  Deal of the Pixies, Madonna, Courtney Love, etc.  &quot;be yr mama&quot;  makes you dance till you drop.  It will be a long time before we hear music  as good as this again.  So, bow to the goddesses, give thanks and  offerings, and pray they stay together to release more music.  Pain is  bliss."))
(5.0, (u'B00000219M', u"One of the best recordings in the twenty-odd year history of punk.  Raw,  dense and howling, these twelve tunes crawl out of your speakers and  destroy your soul and your living room.  Energy-packed and angst-ridden,  this CD would have been a smash hit if it was released in the '70s, '80s or  '90s.  There are no formulas here, but great songs and yes - even melodies.  Courtney Love just wishes she had the talent of Tucker, Kinney and  Macfarlane.  The gals wax sensitive on &quot;good things&quot; but create a  melodic punk tornado on  &quot;call the doctor&quot;, &quot;little  mouth&quot; and &quot;i wanna be your joey ramone&quot;.  &quot;i'm not  waiting&quot; is an evocative anthem with some little distorted Butthole  Surfer vocals thrown in the mix for good measure.  A band of immense  songwriting talent, to be revered and worshipped for all time.  You must  have this experience in your life."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025ED', u"52nd Street is one of Billy's best overall musical efforts.  Some songs  leave a little to be desired lyrically, but the instrumentation is some of  his best.We begin with &quot;Big Shot,&quot; a somewhat satirical look  at show business and perhaps a backlash at some of Billy's peers.  (We  won't name names, but if you're a true Billy fan, you know the story.) The  music itself conveys all the feelings needed but the lyrics add a certain  dimension of sarcasm the song needs to be truly bitter.Next is  &quot;Honesty.&quot;  One could almost call this a power ballad, but  Billy's not one to cross that line very often.  Beautiful, melancholy music  coupled with excellent lyrics make this song timeless and true every single  day.&quot;My Life&quot; almost sums up itself.  Billy asks us to leave  him alone, an understandable request, but also gives us the opportunity to  claim this song as our own.  The nature of the music and lyrics allow one  almost immediate access to his frustrations, another telling point of an  artist's humanity.&quot;Zanzibar&quot; is one of those songs that you  just have to wonder about.  Is it bitter, satirical, or just plain  cathartic? (See &quot;Shades of Grey&quot; home video.)  Whatever it's  supposed to be, &quot;Zanzibar&quot; leaves you feeling slightly inebriated  and maybe ready to go out and find where Billy may be hiding in the  darkness. . .&quot;Stiletto&quot; is a most amazing musical effort.  Punctuated with driving chords and an incessant rhythm, you have to wonder  what really happened to make Billy feel this way.  It's a perfect song when  feeling bitter after break-ups or other personal tragedies.  Or, just when  you're in a not-so-pleasant mood.  (Also try &quot;Pressure&quot; on The  Nylon Curtain.)&quot;Rosalinda's Eyes&quot; is a touching song,  supposedly written for Billy's mother.  He admits that only one person,  Rosalinda, can see how good he is and also appreciate the man he's trying  to be.  The emotionial price paid with this song makes it worth the space  on the album.&quot;Half A Mile Away&quot; makes you want to escape with  Billy and little Geo.  You also figure out where you can go to get away.  Everyone needs another world just a half a mile away.&quot;Until the  Night&quot; is almost a power ballad also, but it's faster beat and  lyricism warms the heart.  &quot;When the sun goes down and the day is  over. . .&quot; Sometimes the night is the best part of the day.The  title track is the best example of Billy's jazz and improv talent.  The  lyrics aren't necessary for the enjoyment of this song, but they help the  slow fusion of the musicality of the song.  &quot;52nd Street&quot; will  kick you into overdrive, generating a lot of heat.A wonderful overall  album, noted particularly for its musicality.  Lyrically, again, it's not  the best Billy's done.  Yet, the raw emotion and good songs have enough  power to deserve 5 stars.  Great job, Billy!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002LQQ', u"Make no mistake - this is not essentially a Dire Staits album, but rather  Knopfler's first solo outing, with some help from his friends which just  happen to be his former bandmates.  Often you or I would criticize Knopfler  for hogging the spotlight, UNTIL you are reminded of his INCREDIBLE guitar  work.  Seems like so few guitarists are living anymore where you hear a new  song on the radio and say, &quot;mmmmmmmmm ... that's [fill in the blank]  ... definitely one-of-a-kind ...&quot; (I take that back: there a quite a  few who you can say that about, but usually it's a negative connotation, as  in, &quot;ech !! I'm glad there's only one of him roaming on the  earth!&quot;).Up to the release of this recording, Knopfler had proven  (to all that wanted more than &quot;Money For Nothing&quot; and  &quot;Sultrans of Swing,&quot; that is) that he had the talent to explore  and execute so many different moods.  But for the most part (and I realize  there are some MAJOR exceptions), he had never convinced us he could  accomplish all of these moods on the same disk (we all hoped and figured he  could, since he didn't really &quot;explore&quot;  that much while on the  road).I really believe this disk is an answer to all DS fans ... and  answer we never demanded, never deserved, and never even necessary.  But  here it is.(Here's a story how a acquired this disk: I was living in  Cincinnatti, OH in '91, when this disk was released.  For those of you who  don't know, Cincinnatti is known for being the best-kept secret among  hunting grounds for guitarists who want to play hard, not make it to the  big-time -- and no, I don't play guitar.  Anyway, for a while this CD  wasn't even available, since there was a minor demand for it, but not  enough for stores to order bigger stocks of it... I know that sounds  unbelieveable, but ask anyone who lived in Cincinnatti at that time who was  looking for this record, and they'll tell you.  In 1993, I moved to Kansas  City, and found a copy of this CD at a used store for like $7.00.  But  there's more: when I arrived at the counter, the clerk lifted his index  finger up to his lips, as if he were &quot;sshhh&quot;ing, and sold it to  me for $2.00 !! And I had never bought anything before at this store !!)"))
(5.0, (u'B000002U0P', u"I'd seen the Barrio Boyzz on my casual channel browsing of Spanish  language stations here in Los Angeles -- a few group videos, some with the  late Selena, and, doing that great rendition of &quot;Try A Little  Tenderness&quot; at the end of the film &quot;I Like It Like That&quot;.  Interesting group, good vocals.....but still no reason to buy their music.  One night I was again browsing and caught their appearance on &quot;New  York Undercover&quot; doing and old Average White Band tune, and that was  it -- I bought &quot;How We Roll&quot; on the strength of one cut, &quot;A  Love Of Your Own&quot;, fully expecting nothing from the rest of the album.  &quot;How We Roll&quot; is an exceptional album, with the Boyzz totally  embracing an R&amp;B production with amazing deliveries of a myriad of  tunes and styles.  Among my favorites -- the Selena dedicated &quot;I  Wish&quot;....&quot;Sail Away&quot;, which closes the album, and &quot;I  Think of You&quot;, featuring amazing lead and background vocal  arrangements.  I can listen to this album over and over, and I think it  will be as satisfying for you as it was for me.  But where is the new  album, fellas?"))
(5.0, (u'B000000EDJ', u'September 5, 1998Doc Watson, the Vanguard Years has to be one of the  all time great Recording Collection. It was done at a time when Folk Music  was getting out to the general public, and there is no greater Folk  Guitarist and Singer than Doc Watson.Here is Doc at his very best, alone  on the first three discs. His Intoxicated Rat is so funny.  Deep River  Blues is great finger style guitar, along with Doc\'s singing.13.  Country Blues 14. Black Mountain Rag 15. Doc\'s GuitarThese cuts are some  of the most wonderful solo guitar playing you have ever heard.13.  Streamline Cannonball 14. Old Camp Meeting Time 15. I\'m Thinking Tonight Of  My Blue EyesGreat old country, so old they are really folk music. And  Doc singing, his guitar playing, just him alone, you will never  forget.7. Brown\'s Ferry Blues 8. Spike Driver Blues 9. Roll On Buddy 10.  I Am A Pilgrim 11. Wabash Cannonball 12. Roll In My Sweet Baby\'s ArmsIf  you missed Doc Singing and picking these songs, you would have missed so  very much.Doc Watson is one of the most gifted musicians of our times.  His musicianship is showcased in a combination of his picking and singing.Doc is not just a country boy, though he is that. Doc listened to all  kinds of music, including Black Blues singers and big bands. He can play  the country tunes with such great feeling, and he can play very  sophisticated Jazz.I saw Doc Watson with Doctor John in University City  Missouri. They were great as solo artists, then they played a show  together, country, blues, and jazz. It was pure artistry. To bad these two  great artists have never recorded together.Though Doc Watson is good  with a large band, he is in my opinion the best when he is solo, which he  is on three of these disks. Someone at Vanguard saw his great artistry as a  solo act and exploited it, to its utmost degree, in these three great CDs.  Thank goodness, for this great exploitation. What would we have done  without these recordings?I bought the Vanguard album, "Doc Guitar,"  before 1965. All the songs on that album are in these three CDS that you  get with the boxed set.With these three solo CDs, you get Doc with his  son Merle, named after Merle Travis, Doc\'s most admired Guitar Player. Doc  and Merle traveled together, after Merle grew up. Merle flew a private  owned plane, owned by Doc. This way the two could jump around the Country  without being on the Road all the Time.Merle was killed a few years ago  while driving a tractor on his farm. Doc grieved much, but he went on. Doc  has a music festival each year named for his beloved son, Merle  Watson.Doc Watson now appears with a two other musicians: another guitar  player who Doc swaps licks with; a bass player. Doc does little Solo Work  on Recordings anymore. Vanguard preserved the great solo work of Doc Watson  for all time. If you love old time Country Music, great flat picking,  and/or great finger style guitar, order this four CD set today. You will  love it.By the Dobroman in Denver'))
(5.0, (u'B000000G7M', u"The Howie shaped cd is very unique.  It has two songs: &quot;Just to be  close to you&quot; where you can hear Howie sing a couple of verses of the  song and &quot;Quit Playing Games (with my heart).  These are two great  hits from the BACKSTREET BOYS album.  The cd also contains a 14 minute  intimate interview with HOWIE D. !!!!  In my opinion, this is a great cd,  especially if you're a big HOWIE D. fan.  However, you can't listen to the  cd on a regular cd player; only on an auto-cd player--the ones that you use  for laser discs.  The cd is also shaped like Howie which is why you can't  play it on a regular cd player.  The cd is a limited edition imported from  Germany."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LAC', u'Saturday, September 05, 1998The Trio Album was and is great. I bought  it as soon as it came out for I intuitively knew it would filled with  wonderful music.I heard the "Grand Ole Opry" the next Saturday night  after purchasing and listening to the "Trio" album. There were accolades  from many all time great country music singers for this Dolly Parton Trio  Album. Hank Snow had great praises for Hobo\'s Mediation., a great song on  the Trio Album. And Hank Snow was probably the greatest fan of Jimmie  Rodgers, the man who wrote this wonderful song.The Wilburn Brothers had  great Praise for "Making Plans," a song they recorded back in the late  1950s. The great Osborne Brothers Blue Grass band recorded this song,  "Making Plans,\' in the late 1960s also. It is a very soulful love song, and  Dolly Parton and her helpers do such a wonderful job on this song.All  songs on the "Trio" Album are great. They are the essence of the best true  country music of the past, and show the depth of Dolly Parton, when it  comes to her musical ability. Only someone with her great ability and  appreciation for the art form of real life country music could have known  these songs existed and would have recorded them for posterity. They are  true folk songs, her "Trio\' songs, though the so called experts might not  consider them real folk songs, and music. The so-called experts are city  boys who don\'t really know what true folk music is. Only when you great up  on a farm where there was no electricity, no gas stove, no telephone, could  you have the cultural background to be in touch with what rural America was  like before the advent of high technology. Dolly Parton was raised under  these rural conditions, and she is a musical great, if not genius.I  think it wonderful that Dolly Parton recorded these songs, with Linda  Rhonstat and Emmy Lou Harris. She had the popularity to be able to record  such songs as "Rosewood Casket," which has lived for probably more than a  hundred years, and is definitely not a commercial piece of music, but is  instead the feelings of those who lived in the rural backwoods areas and  lost someone they loved. As a child, in a rural backwoods area, I can  remember this song being almost worshipped as a great piece of music.For those who want to know what real country music is about, this is the  album to buy. You can get no higher quality music than the "Trio" Album.Dolly Parton took 9 months to record these songs. She wanted perfection,  and she got it. The Great Studio Men play only acoustic instruments on this  recording. This album is wonderful Country Music.By Dobroman in Denver  Colorado'))
(5.0, (u'6302878861', u"This video is incredible.  I know, I know.  But I started out in January  85 lbs. HEAVIER than I am now!  And the only thing I've done (as far as  exercise goes) is Susan's Lean, Strong &amp; Healthy.  The steps are  no-nonsense.  You don't have to be a ballerina, a disco queen, or anything  else to master the steps.  I started out BELOW the most rudimentary level.  Now I am intermediate to advanced, and I am still able to use this video.  Susan explains things concisely, she &quot;queues&quot; very well, and  again, you don't have to be very coordinated to do this routine.  I use  this as my benchmark now.  TRY IT!  It's AWEsome!  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JFB', u"I losten to both this recording and the concept recording extremely often  (perhaps more so than and other Broadway album I own).  After reading some  shocking comparison reviews between these two beautiful works, I must  comment. The concept album is just that, an ALBUM. The Broadway cast  recording is a CAST RECORDING. I see no way to compare two works that were  never intended to be interchangeable.  Granted, every song is written for  the musical The Scarlet Pimpernel and every song is by Frank Wildhorn.  The  similarities end there.  Linda Eder is wonderful on the concept recording,  but Christine Andreas more than holds her own on the cast recording (and is  even more dynamic on stage).  Both Pimpernel's are great.  Terrence Mann  (and his &quot;Falcoln in the Dive&quot;) stand out on the more recent  release.  His version of &quot;Where's the Girl&quot; is guaranteed to melt  anyone. To clear up what seems to be a common misconception: THE CONCEPT CD  WAS NOT AN EARLIER DRAFT OF THE SHOW.  It was a recording of songs that had  been written for the project.  They were never intended to make it to  Broadway intact - the book was still unwritten when the recording was  produced.  The final songs fit best with the story and book that were  eventually finalized.  However, the show is currently being restaged and we  will have a new version (new director, heavily revised book) premiering on  October 13.  Who knows, there may be a third recording for people to  blindly rant and rave about... Despite all the arguments, I have not heard  from anyone who does not enjoy these two stellar recordings.  So enjoy  them.  Listen.  Why does one have to be better?  Anyone who likes this show  needs to own both discs anyway, if only for &quot;When the Rain Falls&quot;  (Concept) and &quot;Falcoln in the Dive&quot; (Broadway).  Enjoy.  And  don't be surprised if the Broadway album picks up a Grammy nomination  (perhaps even a win) - it is the only recording I have ever heard that is  better than the production itself..."))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTV', u"This is a terrific live album that spans the years of Emmylou's music.  The backup band - Spyboy - is awesome.  People who didn't like Wrecking  Ball (I did!) will not like the tracks taken from that album.  I also know  why she hasn't produced a studio album in such a long time - touring and  appearing on a myriad of other albums (e.g., &quot;Teatro&quot; Willie  Nelson), &quot;Northeast kingdom&quot; (Cheri Knight); &quot;Other Voices,  Too&quot; (Nanci Griffith), &quot;Friends of Mine&quot; (Ramblin' Jack  Elliott&quot;, &quot;Car Wheels on a Gravel Road&quot; (Lucinda Williams),  &quot;Poison Love&quot; (Buddy Miller), &quot;Treasures left Behind -  Remebering Kate Wolf&quot;, and the upcoming tribute to Tammy Wynette to  name a few.  Emmylou Harris just keeps getting better and better.  I hope  she contiunes her remarkable collaborative efforts."))
(5.0, (u'B000004BTA', u"Grace's voice is itself all the music needed to put a listener in another  dimension. The guitar, fidddle or mandolin, which may accompany her on  occasion, are redundant. Her range is absolutely mind-boggling; just when  you think she has reached a point where she'll have to back down from a  building glory, she exceeds it and carries you further than you ever  thought possible. Grace has performed in the company of several fine  artists, some better known and more widely celebrated. But, none of those  can fill your heart with such a wonderful feeling of joy and well-being as  does Grace. She deserves to receive acclaim far beyond these sincere words  of support. In person, she is just like her music, sincere, unaffected and  beautiful. An eagerly anticipated new CD in the Springtime is fitting for  this wonderful, emerging talent. Thank you Grace!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001ANR', u"Music TownBoyz II Men Evolution is the best album the boyz have came out with. There new album Evolution make you fell how much emotionally they put in there song like Doin' Just Fine, 4 Seasono of Loneliness, A Song For Mama, Can't Let Her Go and Dear God show me how much they love there music. With the help of Baby Face and all the members of the group, this show me how much they care about there music and put a lot of time to make this album. Boyz II Men and Baby Face make the evolution album so good that it's hard not feel what they fell in all there song on there evolution album and like I said before I Can't Let Her Go is one of them."))
(5.0, (u'B000002A5J', u"It's not country, it's not pop, it's not folk... it lies in that nether  region inhabited by the &quot;singer-songwriters,&quot; and MCC is one of  the best.  I tell people that if I were stranded on a desert island and  could take only one CD with me, &quot;Stones in the Road&quot; would be the  one.  A lot of people rate &quot;Come On Come On&quot; as MCC's best work,  perhaps because it spawned something like seven radio hits.  I strongly  disagree. &quot;Stones&quot; not only contains fantastic songs, but the  entire album is a coherent package that you have to listen to from start to  finish, like &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; or &quot;Sgt. Pepper.&quot;  It's not  the happiest album ever -- the recurrent theme seems to be loneliness and  isolation -- but that's the stuff great music is made of."))
(5.0, (u'B0000033OC', u"I agree wholeheartedly with the previous comments on this film score, and  would like to add two other observations.In this score Rozsa achieved  two purposes: He was able to underscore both the power and majesty of the  film's setting and characters, and the intense emotions that the film  conveys; and he did this while at the same time making this music totally  accessible to the listener.I have always felt that the most powerful and  best underscoring in any single film scene is Rozsa'a &quot;cue&quot; for  the desert scene where the prisoners are marched onto Nazareth. Listening  to this recording, one can see that Wyler and Rozsa redid this scene (check  the scoring dates). which is probably one of the most important in the  film.If you ever have the opportunity to see the 35th Anniversary  laserdisc version of this film, it offers the ability to turn off the  dialogue and sound effects, and just listen to Rozsa's score. Watching the  8 minute desert scene, you can see that no dialogue is needed, and that all  of the emotion comes from the photography and incredible genius of Rozsa's  score. I have shown this scene many times to college students, and it  always gets a strong emotion and response from them.Rozsa's Ben-Hur  score is truly a masterpiece, and deserves to be in any music library."))
(5.0, (u'B000003PRC', u"If you're looking for Zouk music, here's  one of best example. Real good  zouk by  two of its best names: Jean-Philippe  Marthely and Patrick St-Eloi  ( You can  learn more about him at St-eloi.com).  Both of them belong to  the well-known  group Kassav'.  My favorites titles are  # 2: Passion,  #4:  Timide,  #6: On ti fi and  #12: I foucan. That kind of music is what we  call  zouklove and the best in this style are Jean Philippe Marthely,  Patrick St-Eloi, Jocelyne Beroard ( and their group  Kassav), Jean Paul  Pognon, Shango Gang,  Kwak, Gage, Edith lefel, Kali, Harry  Diboula and  other new singers. Sorry for those that I forget, you we love you  all."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062VZ', u"A &quot;Perfect Night&quot; is nearly perfect. I say &quot;nearly&quot;  because there are a few tracks that I could do without, but on the whole  this is a remarkable album. The pace of the song selection works  masterfully, particularly the first half. The album opens up with a  beautiful rendition of the Velvet's &quot;I'll Be Your Mirror&quot;,  followed by an absolutely stunning version of &quot;A Perfect Day&quot;,  &quot;The Kids&quot;, and then a blistering run through  &quot;Vicious&quot;, &quot;Busload of Faith&quot;, and &quot;Kicks&quot;.  &quot;Vicious&quot;, in particular, rips with subtle guitar shifts weaving  in and out, building to first one peak then riding hard onto another.  Reed's voice, which he has used to great experiment through the years, has  never sounded better. Like Dylan, Reed continues to endure and challenge. I  highly recommend this album to both Reed fans and those who might be  interested in checking him out for the first time. I would also highly  recommend New York, Coney Island Baby, Transformer and the entire Velvet  Underground collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NIE', u"Metheny calls on highpoints of his musical history and synthesizes them  into what his fans expected, anticipated and knew he would bring forth. It  moves from Missouri to Africa to Ireland for its inspiration with the  guidance of Mays' Bill Evans inspired chordal harmonies fused with the  stoic solidity of Wertico and Rodby.  A bit too orchestral and sound  effects heavy in parts, but still adherent to it's jazz/blue roots.  Imaginary Days is a milestone is Metheny's music that tells the listener, I  know the things that you liked in my music and this is it.  The title cut  is perhaps the weakess, but could well be the strongest in an overall  weaker effort.  The ninth track, The Awakening is the strongest and appears  to rely most on composition, with the exception of one Mays' patentedly  tasteful solo that ranges the scope of his instrument.  Of musical interest  is bluesy rock/fusion second cut, Follow Me -- this is the Metheny  obligatory elevator music track that will be played on lite jazz stations  all over the nation. Across the Sky, the sixth track, is a haunting reverie  that showcases Metheny's highly refined guitar skill.  This is Metheny's  best work to date."))
(5.0, (u'B000001C9I', u"This CD just flat out slays, as did Grip Inc.'s first album, &quot;Power  of Inner Strength&quot;.  However, the band does not seem comfortable with  cranking out a duplicate album.  There is a great deal of progression  forward on this album.There is an increase in the amount of  instrumentals used on this album.  There are several stretches where the  band goes several minutes and just lets their instruments do the talking.When Gus Chambers does talk, you'd better listen. The vocals on this  album are intense, meaningful, and thought provoking.The guitar work by  Waldemar Sorchyta is unmatched. As one could expect, the drumming of Dave  Lombardo  is second to none.A couple of stand-out tracks on this album  include the blistering &quot;War Between One&quot; and the furious  &quot;Myth or Man&quot;.This is not to say the other tracks aren't as  good.  Every single one is amazing in its own right.This album flows  very well and should be a part of anyone's collection., not just the  metalhead. All I can say is &quot;When's the next album coming out?&quot;  and &quot;When are they touring next?&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002BVS', u"I look at my pastor as one who believes in trying to help the hurting  people of our day.  Whenever you meet her, she is always on fire for the  Lord.  The album &quot;A Miracle In Harlem&quot; always made me crying when  I hear it.  Because the song entitled &quot;Strong Man&quot; lets me know  that know matter what satan tries to do, he will be defeated every time.  He can't stay here; he has got to goMy pastor is a product of the  college in which I am currently a Senior (Shaw University in Raleigh, NC)  and as a student we sometimes will go through, but as long as we know that  God will see us every step of the Way.  My pastor a real soldier for the  Lord.  Your music blesses me over and over.Pastor Caesar, We Love You At  Mount Calvary Word Of Faith Church; Raleigh, NC."))
(5.0, (u'B000003P18', u"Mariachi Cobre has been around for many years, to which their 25th  anniversary album attests. It is also obvious in the rapport with which  they perform. This group is responsible for the revival of Mariachi music  all over the Southwest, as well as for the music in the Mexican Pavilion of  Disney World for quite some time. Their sound encompasses all styles, from  the traditional ranchero sound of &quot;La Chuparrosa&quot; to the  restrained elegance of &quot;El Barco.&quot; The singers also display a  remarkable range of talent, from the robust baritone of co-founder Steve  Carillo to the lightest of countertenor performances by Miguel Angel  Molina. Every conceivable combination of voices is heard--solo, duet, trio  and ensemble. You also won't want to miss the combined vocal talents of  Steve Carillo and his brother Randy. It isn't often that you hear such  talent in one family. Mariachi Cobre also features quite a multiplicity of  sound, encompassing brasses as well as the traditional strings. All in all,  they offer the traditional soul of Mexico, polished to musical brilliance  in the studio. If you like Mexican music, you'll love this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000003ZVH', u"Kealii Reichel has followed up on his first album with another that is  slightly more ambitious. He includes American music, sometimes very  beautifully produced, as in &quot;Can You Feel the Love Tonight,&quot; that  builds to a wonderful impact. On traditional cuts, such as &quot;Toad  Song,&quot; he uses sound effects to their best effect, in fact producing  what was his latest hit in Hawaii. However, his performance of &quot;Lei  Hali'a,&quot; the title cut, supports his reputation as a very versatile  interpreter of just about every pop style that is being done in Hawaii. If  you like Hawaiian music, there's something for everyone in this album."))
(5.0, (u'6300182762', u"Universal Picture's 1983 production of The Pirates of Penzance is based on  the 1980 New York Shakespeare Fesitval production of this Gilbert and  Sullivan gem.  Starring Kevin Klein as the Pirate King, Rex Smith as  Frederic, Linda Rhonstadt as Mabel,  Angel Langesbury as Ruth, and George  Rose as Major General Stanley  it shows all the polish that the cast  developed in the Festival production along with all the benefits of film  editing which insures that the perfomance that you see is one of the best  G&amp;S productions you will ever see.  As with any G&amp;S you will enjoy  it even better if you have a libretto handy.  Each musical number is so  well done, that it begs the question to dare comment on any single one but  Rex Smith's &quot;Oh, Is There not One Maiden Breast&quot; followed by  Rhonstadt's &quot;Poor Wandering One&quot; deserves especial praise and  will leave only the truly unfeeling unmoved.  If you have never seen any  G&amp;S pick this one first.  If you are a G&amp;S afficianado and have not  seen this one yet, hurry to do so!  This bright, humorous, romantic and  subtle masterpiece deserves twice times five stars!  Rarely has such  charming music been so appropriately set to such clever lyrics in a  delightful tale of topsy-turveydom.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000ECX', u"Where would you begin if you were trying to explain the impression Joan  Baez made, and continues to make, on our musical consciousness? I start  here. You can listen to hours of albums, which is a delightful prospect as  far as I'm concerned, but on the other hand, this collection truly  encapsulates Joan's career. The three categories (rare, live, classic) are  all represented. For those who want her best, it's here, too. The live  performances are unusual, sometimes amusing, and always fresh, like  &quot;Mama, You Been on My Mind,&quot; a duet with Bob Dylan. Her amazing  rendition of &quot;Scarlet Ribbons,&quot; which opens the collection, is  the perfect example of how she has always been able to find an  interpretation that makes it seem as though we had never heard the song  before. Her performance of &quot;Joe Hill&quot; deserves another whole  generation in these times. The collection also includes little-known  artists like Jeffrey Shurtleff, who performed with her for years. Several  songs that she composed are also featured, like &quot;Diamonds and  Rust,&quot; which continues to be played on radio stations today. There's  also my personal Dylan favorite, the archetypal Sixties anti-war ballad,  &quot;With God on Our Side.&quot; In the category of &quot;rare&quot; one  must also include a trio performance with her sister Mimi Farina and Judy  Collins, &quot;Legend of a Girl Child Linda.&quot; The album also includes  no less than fifteen previously-unreleased performances, enough to  constitute a new album in themselves. For those who know Joan Baez only as  an &quot;influence&quot; from the Sixties on today's female vocalists, this  collection brings Joan's huge talent and continuing integrity into the  clearest possible focus."))
(5.0, (u'B000000EKK', u"Those who remember the brave attempts to change the world that took place  in the Sixties can relate to this particular album. Joan Baez had married,  and her husband, David Harris, a political activist, was in prison for  refusing the draft. Joan had his baby while he was in jail, and this album  reflects her quiet fears, both for him and for herself. It didn't look very  much like the world was changing at that particular time in Joan's life,  although time would vindicate some of her and David's struggles. But in  this collection, which has a decidedly country flavor in deference to  Harris' preference for country music, Joan becomes Everywoman, fearing for  her man and waiting for his return. In particular, her haunting performance  of &quot;One Day at a Time&quot; reaches out to the lonely and anxious part  of all of us. Joan also could hardly have avoided hearing the complaints  that she was becoming passe, that the peace movement was floundering, that  pacifism was being abandoned in favor of more aggressive means. Her album  makes a lonely statement that is a very specific portrait of an artist  staying true to her beliefs, for whatever they are worth. Her future  involvement with Amnesty International was far away at this time, and she  was surely facing the future with a need for direction. In this album she  was willing to share her doubts and pain. She gave us a great gift, a very  personal revelation, and a courageous statement of faith. This album is  inspiring."))
(5.0, (u'B000000MW4', u"Les Sampou is a wisp of a woman with a powerhouse voice. She also plays a  fine, intricate guitar, and tells a story that will pick you up bodily and  carry you miles away. In FALL FROM GRACE, her second release, each cut  shows her finest gifts in the very best lights.The liner notes begin,  &quot;Les Sampou is tough. She's also tender, and smart. And she plays some  very tasty guitar. And damn, can she write a song.&quot; Elijah Wald's  essay suggests the same spare phrasing that hallmark the compositions on  this album. From the opening Notes of &quot;Holy Land,&quot; a lazy ballad  of pretentious white trash, she hooks the listener and starts reeling. The  broader strumming accompanying &quot;Alibis&quot; -- &quot;My dad told me  that you can't steal second with your foot on first / And I reckon he's  right&quot;-- opens out into full instrumentation as the passion builds.  &quot;Things I Should Have Said&quot; takes the experience we've all had,  of re-thinking a situation we could have handled better, and paints it in  the context of a singer's angry musings on a cross-country drive. The soft  yearning of a homebound traveller is delicately embellished in &quot;Home  Again.&quot; And again, you're right there with her, almost unconscious of  the deft production so ably supporting the fine story-telling.Sampou is  adept at vivid imagery, despite a bare minimum of flowery phrases. Whether  it's the childhood exhilaration of &quot;Ride the Line,&quot; or the bitter  discovery of her best friend's homosexuality and her own betrayal  (&quot;Flesh and Blood&quot;), she makes the experiences our own. The  aching exhaustion of &quot;I Already Know&quot; paints a woman persuading  her heart to let go when her mind knows she should. &quot;String of  Pearls&quot; uses the metaphor of an heirloom necklace for the values we  don't always appreciate until we've proven their worth to ourselves.  &quot;Two Strong Arms&quot; is a gritty anthem of a woman giving herself a  stern talking-to-- this one's a personal favorite. (An excerpt doesn't do  it justice, folks: you just have to hear it.)I doubt we live in a world  where a petite white woman will stand beside B.B. King as a blues icon--  and even Les herself might cringe at the pretension of that image. But for  my money, this lady has the stuff of which legends are made. I challenge  you to listen to the first cut. I doubt you'll be able to leave without  wanting to take her home!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000N99', u"I personally passed over this sensational recording in  stores for two or  three years, thinking &quot;Never heard of her.&quot; Then after I received  her second CD as a gift, and liked it reasonably well,I purchased the first  one and &quot;Wow.&quot; For a debut CD by an unknown artist, this one is  sensational! If you don't get up off your seat and start rocking the moment  you hear the intro to the title cut, then you are not a blues fan, or even  a music fan for that matter. Hats off to EC's background band on that cut.  A later cut, &quot;You Got the Wrong Number&quot; features some excellent  boogie woogie piano and some of the most clever lyrics around, as EC tells  the story of catching her husband red-handed. The truth is there is not a  weak cut on this CD, and I am sorry I did not give it a chance sooner. The  follow-up release &quot;Hard Act to Follow&quot; is exactly that because EC  will never top herself. But please don't stop trying!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OPY', u"I own nearly 1000 CD's and have been a very devoted fan of the Pat Metheny  Group for years and years. It's no surprise that I picked up Mays' record  just after it was released--It is by far the favorite CD in my collection.  &quot;Alaskan Suite&quot; will knock your socks off--It's so haunting yet  soothing at the same time. &quot;Close to Home&quot; ends the album with a  melancholy, goosebump-invoking note that will take your breath away. If you  enjoy any of Metheny's work you MUST have this record. With autumn coming  and winter not far behind, this is the music you'll want to hear to keep  your spirit warm."))
(5.0, (u'B000002952', u"Gloria Estefan is defining her own genre as she proceeds with the  remarkable career that we continue to witness. No matter how far she  appears to stray from her Cuban roots, it is washed away in her expertise  as displayed in this very danceable, very expressive album. Most of the  songs are done in Spanish, and many are in the hot salsa rhythm that you'll  hear in Latino nightspots. Other performances include dreamy, moving pieces  and bouncy cha-cha. Overall, it's a musical masterpiece from an entertainer  who has yet to reach her limits. Her orchestra keeps up with her, and the  album itself is almost worth buying simply for the ravishing photograph of  Gloria on the cover."))
(5.0, (u'B000009HRD', u"I first saw the Sons in May, 1968 at the Santa Clara County Folk Rock  Festival. Least known, and best band there. This would prove to be an  enduring theme for them. Their original material and musicianship was  always unparalled.  But there was  an intangible quality to their live  shows, a vibe between the musicians and the audience, that created a power  in the crowd with intensity I never experienced elsewhere. My sons, 18 and  15, were fascinated with 60's hippie music, and I took them to the Fillmore  last year to see the Sons, to show them a real band.  They were both  listening to &quot;Loosen Up Naturally&quot; nonstop for months. One  instructed his guitar teacher, &quot;show me how to play like Terry  Haggerty.&quot;  Now, there's a compliment.  The new CD, more than any  Sons recording, captures the raw emotion and immensity of power they  generate on stage,  which somehow escaped their studio albums. They're  tentatively scheduled to open for Huey Lewis in Concord on Oct. 16, 1998,  and to play a New Year's Eve encore  in Santa Rosa.  Do yourself a favor.  The CD is among the best live recordings I've ever heard.  But seeing  the Sons live is the real thing.  What an inspiration to  feel that  sensation again; irrefutable proof that we can all improve with age..."))
(5.0, (u'B000009NUJ', u"I'm not sure if the eager anticipation in our home that accompanies the  release of a new Tom Chapin kids' CD emanates more from the children or  from Mom and Dad! And this one didn't let any of us down. The 3 year old is  addicted to the humor and excitement of &quot;Goosetown Halloween&quot;,  the 8 year old loves &quot;Our Next Door Neighbor the Moon&quot; for its  sense of wonder and gentle melody. Mom and Dad get a kick out of &quot;Da  Baby Sitter&quot;, about &quot;Harry the Hat&quot; who may be &quot;some  kind of hood&quot; but he loves &quot;Goodnight Moon&quot;, so he can't be  all bad. Tom Chapin has the unique ability to inform and entertain kids  without ever talking down to them. And he does so with clever lyrics,  wonderfully diverse music styles and accomplished musicians backing him up,  which make for a listening experience that never grows old, for the kids or  the parents who love them. If there are children who you care about, do  them and yourself a favor, and get to know Tom Chapin. This CD is a great  place to start, but check out &quot;Moonboat&quot; and &quot;Billy the  Squid&quot;  and the rest of his work as well. I promise you won't be  sorry."))
(5.0, (u'B0000072TB', u"I bought and wore out about three vinyl copies of this album after wearing  out the one I got from a friend.  Cassettes were just coming out, but by  that time this album didn't make it to cassette.  Ever since I spilled beer  all over my last and final vinyl copy at a college party where I insisted  everyone listen to &quot;Willo the wisp&quot; I have searched in vain only  to be told by record stores it was not in CD.  And here I find it on  Amazon.com!  I'm so excited to think I may once again hear the songs I  freaked out to, made love to (lot of soulful and deep rhythms) and most  important gained an enormous appreciation for electronic fusion music as it  was just getting of the ground.  This is in my opinion Passport's finest  album.  Get it now!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000AY7J', u"The closest comparision I can think of is the Red Hot Chili Peppers.It has  the Peppers knack of mixing styles from rap to hip hop to rock ballad  (sometimes in the same song).Unlike the Peppers tho,their lyrics aren't  nearly as rude or smutty,rather they exhibit a certain wry and dry humour.A  good example being 'you got to know to understand' about asking for a bank  loan,or the stand out song 'scorpio girls' rocking my world.. Everyone who  even slightly believes in astrology can relate to this one. All in all a  great hard-rockin album you can sing along to with a grin on your face."))
(5.0, (u'B0000023TB', u"Put simply, this is a fantastic recording. It is a fine recording of urban  music of the Greek communities of Anatolia (present day Turkey) which were  wiped out earlier in this century.  It spans the years 1927-1932 and  features the pre-eminent instrumentalists and vocalists of the era. It  features artists whose music continues to influence Greek and Turkish music  to this day.  Not surprisingly, many of the numbers are laments for a lost  love, a lost way of life or a lost homeland; however, many of the numbers  are upbeat and relect the vibrancy of this lost community.  A few of the  songs feature Antonios Diamandithes, nicknamed &quot;Dalgas&quot; (Turkish,  for wave) for the extraordinary ululations of his voice.  He has rightly  been called one of the greatest vocalists of the 20th century, and the  proof is on this record. His &quot;Ponos Tis Xenitia&quot; is a song of the  searing pain of exile.  It is among the most moving, evocative songs ever  recorded. I grew up listening to this type of music and this record is like  a gift from heaven. Contrary to another review listed here which states  that the instruments are all &quot;Turkish&quot; and that the music loses  all it's Greek elements, nothing could be farther from the truth. These  instruments can more accurately be called Anatolian or even Middle Eastern,  no country or people can claim their origins, moreover, most of the  virtuosoes of these instruments were Christian Greeks or Armenians.  Also  this &quot;Smyrnaic&quot; music (from the Greek city Smyrna on the coast of  present day Turkey) forms the foundation of much of modern Greek music. The  analogy has frequently been made that this music is to Greek and Turkish  contemporary music what the blues is to American music. The allusion is  very accurate in more ways than one.  I would highly recommend this  recording to anyone who has an interest in Greek, Turkish, Middle Eastern,  Klezmer or world music in general. It is a paradigm of the genre, and no  aficiando's library is complete without it."))
(5.0, (u'B000001FGX', u'I bought this CD from the bargain bin strictly for the song &quot;There  She Goes&quot; as heard in the Mike Myers movie &quot;Something, Something,  Ax Murderer&quot;.  I included the tune on several mixed tapes and rarely  listened to any of the other tracks.  However, at some point the disc was  left in my carousel and the first song, &quot;Son of a Gun&quot; would come  on.  Without immediately realizing who was singing the song I would think  to myself, &quot;This is a damn good tune, I wonder who it is?&quot;  After this happened a number of times I listened to the whole CD and was  amazed as the consistently good song-crafting.  The last tune is kind of a  snoozer, but &quot;Liberty Ship&quot;, &quot;Doledrums&quot;, and  &quot;Timeless Melody&quot; are excellent.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002MIY', u"&quot;Kamakiri&quot;, I have been told, means &quot;Beatle&quot; in  Japanese. The &quot;-ad&quot; suffix as in Odyssiad, so it's journey of the  beatle. The car is &quot;not a freeway bullet or a bug with monster wheels,  just a total bio-sphere.&quot; The logical extension of &quot;Aja&quot;,  &quot;Gaucho&quot; and other late Steely Dan. Exquisitely well thought out,  cerebral, yet funky.  The story of the journey of an improbable solar  powered car with a vegetable garden inside! Full of clever Fagan lyrics.  Rock, jazz, R&amp;B, New age influences, impossible to classify.A great  stereo test record, spectacular recording quality!Standout song is  &quot;Tomorrows Girls&quot;, a cautionary tale diseased about beautiful  Party Girls from outer space who come to earth for a good time with Earth  Guys. &quot;A virus wearing pumps and pearls&quot;.Listen for the  fireworks when &quot;some loser fires off a flare&quot;.  Kamakiriad is  chock full of lyrical, tongue-in-cheek songs, not a bad cut on the album.Gentle non-abrasive music. A masterwork! The only thing wrong with this  album is the length of time it took Donald Fagen to do it. Let's hope he  does another album soon!Kilgore Trout meets Steely Dan!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000035KK', u"Margo's first album radiates a joy of living that shines through the sad  moments in one's life.  Every song has it's own character and beauty.  &quot;Have You Ever Seen An Angel,&quot; a ballad reflecting both the joy  and anguish of her work with cancer stricken children, will grab your heart  with both it's music and it's lyrics.  &quot;Life Without You&quot; reminds  us of all of the contradictions one feels in a love gone wrong.  And her  rendition of Caledonia, a song written by Dougie McClean, is as beautiful a  performance as one could ever hope to hear!  This album is a must for  anyone who likes folk music that is lively and up-to-date."))
(5.0, (u'B0000061UG', u'The Watership Down original soundtrack album is a masterful blend of  lyrical beauty, suspense, excitement and triumph that accurately and  movingly captures the spirit of the motion picture and the original book.  Assembling a soundtrack album is never easy--music is usually clipped into  pieces to be sandwiched into the cinematic sequences--but the tracks were  intelligently and sensitively arranged to provide a concert-like effect.  The melodies are intelligent and deeply felt, and the orchestral  arrangement was strangely appropriate--strong when it needed to be but  disarmingly simplistic in keeping with the pastoral setting of the film.  One of my all time favorite albums when I am in a thoughtful mood.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000638D', u"This is hands down the greatest album I have ever owned.  I love 'N SYNC  and I have loved Justin and JC since the Mickey Mouse Club.  I am also  proud to be a member of their fan club.  I really hate how people compare  them to the Backstreet Boys, because their styles are different.  The worst  is when people who haven't listened to their CD judge them.  I mean, people  seem to think that just because girls swoon over them, that they don't have  any real talent, but they do.  I speak from experience, because I went to a  live show at Macy's in NYC on August 29 for my birthday which was the next  day.  They did NOT lip-sync, before anyone gets any ideas, and sounded  great anyway, not to mention the fact that they looked amazing.  For anyone  who doesn't think that 'N SYNC is talented: Go to a concert and let them  prove you wrong.  Anyway, I hope that these guys are around for a long time  because they are the genuine article.  Peace, love, and stay 'N  SYNC!P.S.  If I could have given the album more stars, I would have."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AFBU', u"If you cannot identify with the statement everyday is down hill from here,  If you aren't into songwriters and prefer singers, stay away from this CD.  But if your soul is full and overflowing here is the place to be.  I first  heard &quot;Everyday Down&quot; on the Lilith Fair promo disk from Tower  and loved it on first hearing.  I put my player on repeat for about an hour  and a half and sang along until I was hoarse.  It moved me.  Anyway I  thought to myself I must get the CD.  You may have even heard samples from  that song on Road Rules final ep if you watched it because they sampled  some from it and I was just screaming.  I think Joan Jones is music to  listen out for."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HKE', u"The gist of the Erasure fan mailing list with regards to this album is:  you either love it or you hate it.  Other e albums haven't envoked this  response in their fans, but the whole concept of such a large deviation  from their past endeared some while alienating others. With that  having been said, consider me endeared.  As with all other e albums, this  one had to grow on me, but my previous habit of never knowing which was my  favorite is gone.  A hint to the vast change with this one is the average  track time of almost  7m - about twice that of their previous  albums You have to listen to the whole album to get its feel  (except that I always skip 'Grace'), but personal favorite tracks are #s 3,  4, 7, and 11."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IPS', u"Some People's Lives is one of those rare albums which I enjoyed from start  to finish. Containing the hit From A Distance is only one reason to buy  this album. Midler delivers a string of ballads that really strike a nerve  and turn out the tears.  The title track is almost frightening in its  sadness and ability to touch on the basic human need for love. Gift of Love  is powerful in its simplicity, He Was Too Good To Me\\Since You Stayed Here  will surely cripple anyone who has ever lost someone they truly loved.  But Bette doesn't leave room between songs to get depressed. Right from the  start we get a fast paced tune in the spirit of Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy,  and not long after comes the hilarious Miss Otis Regrets. Moonlight dancing  is a fast paced ballad, but beautiful nonetheless.  Hailed as one of  Midler's best albums in a twenty year career as singer and actress, Bette  adds a new star to her crown as the reigning Diva of the last two decades.  This is a must have for any Midler fan, and a sure fire winner in any  Pop collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IZM', u"At first when I popped in the CD, I was immediately presented with  dialogue from the film... and then the main titles started up. Even though  I have heard complaints about dialogue in movie soundtracks a lot, I find  that it puts you back into the film. Sometimes, I wish that some dialogue  would be in some of the soundtracks I own, like Kiefer Sutherland's  openeing narration to the movie, &quot;Dark City&quot;. The openeing titles  to Blade Runner captures the beautiful but depressing city that you are  first presented with at the beginning of the film, perfectly. Then it moves  to another intresting, but very hypnotizing to listen to song called  &quot;Blush Response&quot;. Then it moves onto another mesmerizing song,  &quot;Wait for Me&quot;. It is a very enjoyable CD to listen to... all of  the tracks place you back into the amazing setting and feel of the classic  film. There are some incredibly imaginative songs in this soundtrack like  &quot;Tales of the Future&quot;, which I find myself listening to a lot.  His famous &quot;End Titles&quot; song, even though somewhat cheesy at  first, is very intresting to listen to, and somehow portays the dark but  exciting life of a &quot;Blade Runner&quot;. There's a strange track called  &quot;One More Kiss, Dear&quot; that just seems so out of place. This was  probably placed into the soundtrack for giving the listener a quick break  from the extremely moody and dark feel of Blade Runner. Overall, I couldn't  find something that I didn't like in this CD... it's a great new-agy  soundtrack that you will find yourself listening to time and time again."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UV9', u"Queensryche's &quot;Rage for Order&quot;(their third album), was the first  album that caught my eye.  After listening to it, I was hooked.  I had to  have more.  I have come to the conclusion that Queensryche is a band that  you either love them or you hate them.  I for one love them.  They are not  a band that requires radio play or the commercial appeal that other bands  need.  They write and play the music as they feel it, see it, and above all  want it.  They leave it up to the consumer.  If he/she buys it then great,  if not, well then it'll be for the next person.  Queensryche has in me, a  listener for life.  I wait for their new albums, and then when they are  released, I am the first one there to purchase it.  I have everything  they've released, as well as a lot of imports, and they have yet to  disappoint me.  Keep up the awesome job Queensryche, and I must agree, Cris  DeGarmo, you will be missed."))
(5.0, (u'B0000070IF', u"Strolling drone (ahem Rolling Stone) put this at number 15 in their albums  of the eighties, but only in the Australian edition of that review.The  US edition clearly got it wrong.  Come to think of it the Australian  edition got it wrong too.This is a piece of perfect pop that will live  in your CD player forever.  (Along with Astral Weeks which is almost  perfect but isn't pop!)Anyhow all the songs are love songs except the  misplaced single (streets of your town).  The two songwriters were in  different stages of relationships so half the songs were about being in  love and the remainder about not being in love.And they are all  grand...Buy it.  Buy two copies.  Buy it NOW."))
(5.0, (u'B00000769W', u"After proving he is one of the three top rock singers, probably 'ever',  being the others Steve Winwood and Robert Plant, (None of these three can  sing as the others, so no one is really better), and after proving he is  untouchable as the best ever bassist and harmonicist in the world, at  Cream, he proved to those who possibly wanted him out of Cream, that he  could do things which none of the others could do. The bass lines in Songs  for a Taylor, sometimes with two bases together, are unrepeatable. Blind  Faith, with Clapton, Wonwood, Baker and Gratch, was absolutely fantastic,  but in comparison, the solo work of Bruce, should deserve more recognition  than the combined efforts of such giants as Winwood and Clapton. Has anyone  heard Bruce doing Neighbor' Neighbor'? No one can sing it better than him.  Winwood and Plant can be as good as him, but no one is better. Jack Bruce,  fiercely playing his bass, with the most astonishing bass lines ever, and  with his most fierceful voice, with Cream, was the best show in the  sixties. I do not know how he claims that, on live concerts, 'Clapton would  take over'. I love Clapton but Bruce has remained unknown, which is a waste  for the many millions who do not know him."))
(5.0, (u'B000005CS0', u"The Bothy Band flew straight and high over the top of the  &quot;purist&quot; versus &quot;celtic rock&quot; debate in Celtic music  when they put this album together. The instruments are all acoustic, the  musicians are all gifted, authentic, dues-paid traditional troubadours and  the songs and tunes are from the purest of pukka stock, but this album at  times out rocks rock n' roll itself and at others touches the listener with  the most sublime of twilight tingles. This album caused everyone in Celtic  music (who had the sense and good manners) to look to their laurels. The  arrangements are penetrating, the musicianship is stunning genius. We will  never see their likes again."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EQA', u"Where Kim's first album had a few individually great songs (e.g.,  &quot;Just My Luck,&quot; &quot;Those Words We Said&quot;), Bitter Sweet is  just one hell of an album from start to finish; I can't pick out a single  favorite track.  The album has a very spare sound, like a live recording,  which is fortunate, since her band is really something else.  Those who've  seen them perform live know that Kenny Vaughan's hollow-body electric  guitar with the heavy reverb is almost Richey's trademark sound, and it's  right there in the intro of the first song.  You can really hear the bass  player going at it, as opposed to the two-beat &quot;idiot bass&quot; you  hear in so much country music; and check out the drum roll in &quot;I'm  Alright&quot; and the harmonica/guitar jam at the end of &quot;Wildest  Dreams.&quot;  The album closes out with a gentle duet featuring Kim and  her co-writer/guitarist, Angelo.  My point is, it's refreshing to see a  singer-songwriter's album that showcases the band as much as the singer.  People who dislike country probably won't like this album, but it's their  loss."))
(5.0, (u'B000002N3F', u'This has got to be one of the greatest albums to come out of the late  1990s. These guys (and girls) shine through all the other bands who are  simply trying to imitate other bands. They have a sound all their own,which  is entirely new and different. This sets them apart.  The lyrics really  hit a mark with me. It seems that Sharp can communicate every emotion a  person can feel in about an hour.  My personal favoriote song on the  album has to  be &quot;These Days&quot;. It is an optimistic song with  undertones of insecurity and frustration. Matt Sharp is not only a great  musician, but a brilliant songwriter'))
(5.0, (u'B000002N7G', u"I had an almost immediate dislike for this two-disc treasure trove the  first few times I heard it--How derivative! I thought.  I was so  disappointed (this being my first experieince with any configuration of  Uncle Tupelo or any of its post-breakup permutations) that I actualy gave  my copy to a friend.  Then a funny thing happened.  I missed it.  I missed  comiserating with &quot;Red-eyed and Blue,&quot; connecting with the angry  final chorus of &quot;Misunderstood,&quot; or the dreamy &quot;Far Far  Away,&quot; taping my toe to the Monkeys-esque &quot;Outta Mind (Outta  Sight)--not to be confused with the Replacements-esque &quot;Outta Sight  (Outta Mind).&quot;  Maybe what I was mistaking as derivative-ness was  actually mastery of the folk rock form (and a few other forms, too).  Half  these songs sound like tunes someone should have written twenty (or sixty)  years ago, but didn't.  So I went out and bought it again and I've been a  happy camper ever since.I think one of the greatest strengths of this  set is Jeff Tweedy's voice: a bit shaky at times, a bit uncertain, but  gosh, he's sincere, and without ever slipping into pretentiousness--no mean  feat.  I BELIEVE him, for crying out loud. He's a breath of fresh air in a  cynical age and culture--the anti-Marilyn Manson, if you will. That it's a  two disc set for the price of one makes it the musical bargain of the  decade, a virtual panarama of all that's best about folk/pop."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NHN', u"Genre classification of music tells only half the story about music, its  mechanics... the other half of the equation is its &quot;sense of  life&quot;.  Those of you who are seeking something that looks up rather  than down but is firmly planted in nature and this earth, would be well  advised to consider Loreena McKennitt's work.Her music has a very  autumnal, pagan flavour; when I listen to it, I can smell the crackly  fallen leaves and feel the sharp chill of autumn in Niagara, even as I live  in the dry heat of Nevada.  I've been listening to her quite a bit as the  fall approaches...Comparisons to Enya are not particularly useful, as  they do not fly at the same altitudes.  Enya floats amongst the clouds;  Loreena dances in the woods and meadows."))
(5.0, (u'B000001E34', u"This recording of &quot;Joseph...&quot; is hands-down the best one! I have  many different recordings of this show and let me say this: the 3 most  recent ones (Canadain cast-Donny Osmond, London cast-Jason Donovan, and  this one-Michael Damian) all are basically the same mixes and besides the  different cast members, they are exactly the same! Now, I think the  narrator is the most importnant part of the show and I wouldn't hesitate to  say that Kelli Rabke on this recording is the best narrator available!  She's amazing! And Michael Damian isn't too bad either. This one is my  favorite and I reccomend if you are going to buy any Joseph, buy this one!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002ZVE', u"Marc-Andre Hamelin is the most exciting piano talent to come along in  years!  His playing of the Alkan etude Op. 76 #3 has to be heard to be  believed.  I have never heard anyone play that fast and clearly and evenly  as well.  The closest I can think of is Horowitz on his best day.  The  other two Alkan etudes, one for the left hand along and one for the right  hand alone, are amazing as well.  It's hard to believe one hand can do all  that.  The Alkan version of the Beethoven 3rd, with Hamelin playing the  role of both orchestra and soloist is a tour de force.  The cadenza is  preposterously long, but so inventive that it makes others seem dull.  Listen to what Alkan does to the harmony in the last cadenza section, the  one with all the trills.  Beethoven might be rolling over in his grave, but  it's one of the most inventive things to come out of the 19th century piano  literature.  The Chopin/Balakirev demontrates that Hamelin is poetic as  well as virtuosic.  By the way, the track listing here is incorrect.  No  Godowsky on this album.  The Busoni Sonatina, really a  &quot;reminiscence&quot; of Carmen, is great fun, and the Medtner Danza  Festiva makes a nice encore.  After hearing this album, I ordered  everything else Hamelin has recorded.  Definitely a major new talent!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000EQR', u'This is the type of album that makes a big influence on your musical tastes ... if you happen to be 19 years old, which is how old I was at the time The Gift was released.Let\'s get a couple things straight. Firstly, this is a hard rock album that is completely unapproachable if you despise Helmet, Slint, early Lemonheads, Kiss, Bachman Turner Overdrive, Minor Threat, Husker Du, The Who, the Sex Pistols, and other bands of that ilk.If you like these groups, or even better, like being in a small club listening to band that has a perfect balance of rock tightness and energy that sends the audience into overdrive, then Bullet Lavolta will appeal to you. It may take a couple of listens, but in the end you will understand that this was a band that was dedicated and very talented.It\'s actually best to start at the end of the CD, as The Gift tacks on BV\'s first six-song EP, which I belive was released two years before, in 1987. The EP was recorded on a pretty limited budget and never released by itself on CD, but it has a lot of energy and good songs, esp. "Over The Shoulder" "Because You\'re Mine" and "Dead Wrong". It was a good decision on the part of somebody at Taang to stick it onto the end of the CD. It not only gives people more for their money, but also lets people know about the band\'s earliest music and first lead guitarist, Corey Loog Brennan (who later played with the Lemonheads on Lick).Going back to track one on the CD takes you to the proper Gift album, recorded in 1989. "Crossfire" roars out of the speakers and right away shows more maturity, not only in terms of recording (the hiss and muddled drums present on the EP are gone) but also in terms of musical development. The speed metal/thrash tendencies are replaced by the wall of guitars approach, the drums are more forceful, and the background vocals have reached the gang feel a lot of Boston bands at the time (Gang Green, Slapshot spring to mind) were expressing.One song on the CD has two versions: "Birth Of Death." The first (studio) version of this evil tune is the best. The thick drums, chunky guitar/bass rhythm and the sinister squeal of the wah-wah lead are marvelous. Gipe\'s vocals rise to the occaision - "My soul full of holes!" he screams at one point, and you feel the energy behind the song.Unfortunately, the live recording of the same song seems pretty thin by comparison. It\'s a pity, because live BV was great. I saw them all over the Boston area from 87 - 90, and they really influenced by tastes in music and attitudes toward songwriting. This song does not reflect the live concerts I remember at The Rat, TT\'s, and Bunratties, where a hard-core fan base of at least 50-100 people could be found at every show singing along to all the songs, even before some of them had been recorded!Instead, the live "Birth of Death" sounds a little hoarse, and at one point Gipe starts in too early, is forced to correct himself.Other than that, The Gift is a beautiful piece of work. I believe BV came and went five years too early - had they reached the peak of their live and recorded talents in 1994 instead of 1989, they would have ended up being appreciated by a much larger group of fans...'))
(5.0, (u'B000000FE2', u"When I first moved to Nashville in 1985, I had an idea of the kind of band  I wanted to hear.  Walking by the Exit/In I did -- it was Webb Wilder.  He  started out great, and each album has gotten better in terms of material,  production, and performance.  &quot;Acres of Suede&quot; is his latest and  best.  If you like real rock and roll -- none of this pussyfoot  &quot;rock&quot; stuff -- you'll love this album.  My favorite tune is  &quot;rocket to nowhere,&quot; although &quot;carrying the news to  Mary&quot; is a close second.  Actually, they're all close seconds.  This  is a great album!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000GPK', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  One of several Southern guitar-jangle bands to get  some college radio airplay in the wake of R.E.M.'s mid-'80's success, the  Connells were the most melodic of the bunch. While the album opens with  &quot;Scotty's Lament,&quot; an upbeat pop ditty, most of the album is  slower and sweeter than much of what was being heard at the time. It's one  of the few albums I can play for pretty much anyone without ruffling any  feathers, but the band manages to be inoffensive without being bland  (courtesy of some killer hooks that leave you humming the chorus well into  the next song)."))
(5.0, (u'B000003EYM', u"These discs document the miracles of ensemble and beauty of orchestral  sound whichToscanini created with the Philharmonic during his tenure with  this orchestra.. Recorded at the peak of his career, these performances are  far more relaxed than his later recorded performances with the NBC and  other ensembles.  The Philharmonic plays with precision, great beauty and  refinement of tone at all dynamic levels. The piani are full bodied; the  fortissimi are unforced. The Beethoven Seventh is one of the great recorded  performances of the century.The recordings are great achievements for  their time, capturing the sound of this orchestra with a naturalness of  balance and depth that Toscanini's later recordings never quite matched, in  spite of their wider frequency and dynamic range."))
(5.0, (u'B000002K9N', u"Frank Sinatra and Count Basie on one album means instant success.  You've  read the above reviews...what are you waiting for?  This remastered CD is  better quality than before with a great rendition of &quot;Luck Be A  Lady&quot; added (originally cut on the LP in '66 and the previous CD).  The sound quality is crisper and Sinatra is in PRIME FORM.Sinatra is the  interpreter of American Popular Song and you'd better listen to cut #16 if  you wanna live!  &quot;Don't Worry 'Bout Me&quot; is prime Sinatra phrasing  and Basie 'in-your-face' groove.Crank the Frank with one of the  hippest live Sinatra albums available.  Go for it and remember to &quot;sit  back, adjust the volume high, and take in a lovely beverage...&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KOI', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  While the Kinks may be better known for their early  string of singles (&quot;All Day &amp; All of the Night,&quot; etc.) and  classic rock hits (&quot;Lola,&quot; etc.), some of their most timeless  music was the quiet, gentle, and lesser-known stuff from '68-'72, when Ray  Davies did some truly original character-based songwriting, and the band  traded in their simple riff-rockers for more melodic, moving music. On  Village Green Preservation Society, the band nearly gave up rock  completely, coming up with a primarily acoustic set of songs, each of which  is a character sketch of an inhabitant in a fictional, pastoral English  village (reminiscent of the poetry collection Spoon River Anthology). The  album is sweet and charming, and hard to believe it came from the same guys  as &quot;You Really Got Me.&quot; Not that this isn't poppy -- the title  song is pretty catchy, as are tracks like &quot;Do You Remember  Walter,&quot; &quot;Picture Book,&quot; and &quot;Johnny Thunder&quot; --  but it's much more subtle, with Davies having enough faith in his lyrics to  let them stand up without a fail-safe guitar crunch in the background."))
(5.0, (u'B000001JUB', u"This is an extended spoken words piece by Alan Moore with music by David J  (of Bauhaus/Love and Rockets fame) and Tim Perkins.  It's mystic, edgy,  dark, and 60 minutes of something to have to pay attention to.  The liner  notes call it part poetry/prose reading and part shamanistic spell, and  this is the recording of one of the three nights it was performed (as  Shoemaker-Levy encountered Jupiter).  This is a 5 star CD for people who  like spoken word not someone who wants to git up n dance.  Not only is this  a good reading of some tight material, it also has some exceedingly funny  bits.  &quot;And at the center of the universe there is a plaque.  And on  that plaque it says....&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000002J1O', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  The early stuff (Trespass, Nursery Cryme, and  Foxtrot) all had moments of greatness (i.e. &quot;Stagnation,&quot;  &quot;The Musical Box,&quot; and the first 2/3 of &quot;Supper's  Ready,&quot; respectively), bogged down by some pretentious overkill. On  Selling England, however, it all worked, from the classical musicianship to  Gabriel's lofty lyricism.  Probably the most enjoyable example of mid-70's  art rock, and a much more solid affair than the overblown but highly-touted  &quot;concept&quot; album which followed (The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway),  which precipitated Gabriel's departure and the band's descent into Phil  Collins-helmed bland radio fodder. Sure, it's hard to take the silly  wordiness of &quot;The Battle of Epping Forest&quot; with a straight face,  but most of this is so musically engaging that you find yourself hopping on  for the ride."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J6Q', u"Bette of Roses is a stunning collection of Bette at her best. The songs  range from heart wrenching ballads that can top even Wind Beneath My Wings  and From A Distance, to fast paced rock tracks like The Last Time, in which  Midler could easily pass for a twenty year old rocker from New York.  Midler's vocal training of late gives her a vocal power and range that is  awe inspiring. Fans will be shocked and delighted to hear her increased  style. Bette followers and newcomers alike will get what they pay for with  Bette of Roses.  For ballads, rock, and even a little of the Midler wit  and humor for which she is so well known, Bette of Roses is the Best Bette.  Not to be missed!"))
(5.0, (u'B000008UTE', u"For someone like myself that just discovered Rich Mullins,The Jesus Record  displays his briliance and simplicity. I heard the song &quot;My  Deliver&quot; on KDAR radio in Ventura. I coudn't get it out of my head. I  looked at the CCM charts to see who did it and it was listed as Rich  Mullins. I got the cassette and have listened to the entire tape numerous  times.Rich has the ability to musically and poetically express what we  all feel while trying to seek the Lord. As a fan of Bob Dylan, I'm happy to  say if you love great mucic and lyrics that will stir your soul, buy the  Jesus Record.In addition to hearing a DC Talk version of &quot;My  Deliver&quot; in the upcoming movie, Prince of Egypt, expect to hear  &quot;My Deliver&quot; in churches in the future. I believe it will become  the next &quot;Awesome God&quot;, which Rich also wrote."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UAX', u"This Album has got to be the best ever written by the Beatles. It is the  Album that has the most instrumental sounds as well as the best lyrics for  1968. It sounds so modern for it's time.All the songs on the cd could never  be writtern by todays bands .I am 18 Years old I like Oasis and many other  bands like the Verve but when you listen to this album it's nothing that  could be compared to todays bands. Many people think that Sgt Pepper's  Lonely Hearts club band was the best but when you listen to this it will  get you rocking . Abbey Road was another great album to listen to but the  White Album I think was the very best by The Beatles !!! If you are a  Beatles fan like me this is a must have album to buy ."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UB2', u"This Album is proberly the best sence The White Album. They worked  together to produce the Album to be rememberd to date .I really like how  they put Mean Mr.Musterd,Polertheme pam and She came through the window  together. How many Band's do you know today can even sing let alone write a  song not as near as good as may be John Lennons worse songs that are  proberly worth thousand's even through remember that I said the songs were  never relesed ,any way I am 18 years old the very first time I even litened  to a beatles song was about 1993 and the song was one of my all time fav's  Let it be and While my Guitar Gently Weeps . Thank you for reading my  review Marc Davis."))
(5.0, (u'B00000C2PF', u'This was the second Fahey release on Takoma. It followed the legendary  Blind Joe Death, and continues on the journey that has made John Fahey one  of the most revered guitarists of our time. Fahey is considered the father  of the current boom in instrumental acoustic guitar, and this CD is one of  the main reasons for that title. As I write this the CD has not yet been  released, but if it follows the vinyl album, the the listener will be  treated to something very different, and very wonderful in the way of  guitar, and music. Remember, Leo Kottke considers John Fahey to be one of  his most profound influences.'))
(5.0, (u'0780622545', u"In Dark City, Alex Proyas conjoins Ridley Scott's vision of Blade Runner  with his own saga of The Crow to present clearly the greatest movie ever  made.  From the opening sequence of a world falling asleep to the final  apocalyptic battle and aftermath (a visual parallel to the Biblical story  of Revelation), the movie is sheer greatness.  It constantly challenges our  beliefs, indeed our very sanity, with the Lovecraftian inference of madness  being the key to a truth too terrible to bear.  Proyas dark vision of a  future world detached from Earth--a medley of various timeframes in human  history--where all the known remnants of humanity are merely mice in some  cruel experiment conducted by strangers to whom we are of no more concern  than a guinea pig harkens back--effectively--to the Robert E. Howard story  The People of the Black Coast.  In short, an entertaining, dark, poetic  vision of human plight with a heavy concentration of questioning of  established beliefs.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002M7V', u"This CD contains not only an echo of a time in our nation's history when  nature was only as far away as your outstretched arm, but an invitation to  a state of mind all too often lost in our modern-day hustle and bustle with  computers and taxis and finances. The differing flute-playing styles and  levels of technological assistance help emphasize the timeless nature of  the featured and deceptively simple instrument. I don't know what purists  might think of the mixture of old and new, but the blend of modern familiar  and ancient mysteries forms the basis of my fascination with this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000001E0E', u"I have had this CD for a couple of years now.  When I am having a  &quot;not so good&quot; day, I put it on.  It only takes a few bars of the  1st track before my mood starts lifting.  By the end of &quot;Love Changes  Everything&quot; (track 2), I am singing along and have generally forgot  all about how bad the day was, even after being on my feet for 8hours+ at  the hospital.  I would recommend this CD to anyone who wants to get a lift  and leave the troubles of the day behind.  Get lost in Andrew Lloyd  Webber's wonderful music!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002X49', u"Martina McBride continues to show her impressive vocal capabilities and  her gift for selecting poignant music.  &quot;Evolution&quot; contains many  good tracks...in fact, I can only think of 3 that aren't 5 star songs, and  those would be 4 star songs. My favorite tracks are &quot;A Broken  Wing&quot; (another anthem of female independence like &quot;Independence  Day&quot; from her &quot;The Way I Am&quot; release), &quot;Happy  Girl&quot; (which is her current single...a fabulous and fun song), and  &quot;Here in My Heart&quot; (so catchy, great musicianship, and excellent  use of vocal nuances).  As an aspiring country singer, if I could have  anyone's voice it would be Martina's...strong and powerful, yet sweet and  haunting.  She may not win all of the awards, but she should be winning  them, and this album raises her talent to a new level.  Buy this!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002ZB9', u"This is essentially a reissue of Buddy's classic &quot;Steel Guitar  Jazz&quot;.  It was Buddy's first trip to the Big Apple, and his first  encounter with legitimate jazz musicians.  The prhasing and style are  distinctive Emmons, and there's even an original blues written in the  studio: &quot;Bluemmons&quot;.While it lacks the clarity of vision and  arrangment of his later &quot;Emmons Guitar Company&quot; album,  &quot;Steel Guitar Jazz&quot; turned the steel world on its ear when it was  released.  This is a classic that deserves a spot in the collection of  every steel guitarist and steel guitar fan.  I've been listening to it for  years and I've never tired of it.-b0b-"))
(5.0, (u'0792151712', u"James Cameron's &quot;Titanic&quot; is a rare film by today's standards  for many reasons. Not least of them is that the film withstands repeated  viewing.  There's a kind of magic going on with this film, and everyone  involved has a hand in it.  Cameron's direction is both inspired and  loving.  His camera often sweeps through scenes and across characters like  a lover's hand.  The photography and visual effects are rich with warmth  and color, more like artwork than film.  The musical score is hauntingly  beautiful, and the actors are all good in their roles.  Perhaps the most  mesmerizing part of the entire film is Gloria Stuart, who's performance  provides the heartbeat beneath the iron skin of Titanic.  Anyone looking  for a real flaw in the film ... has too much time on their hands.  This  ocean liner shines.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000007T1A', u"This is the best CD I have bought in a while.  It is the BOMB!!  Maxwell  is a poet!!  I listen to this CD every day and I don't have to skip a  track.  My favorites are Drown Deep:Hula - What a way with  words...&quot;Come Drown Deep in Us&quot;.  When I hear it I feel something  different every time.  Gravity: Pushing to Pull.  I LOVE IT!  Submerge:  Til We Become the Sun.  Now that is some serious stuff!!!  Eachhoureachsecondeachminuteeachday: of my life.  I was almost speachless.  Listen to it close.  Even if you have to look at the words and you will see  what I mean! Matrimony: Maybe You.  &quot;Maybe you might me matrimony  trying to save me&quot;.  Now that is just beautiful.  The titles say a  lot all by themselves.  Maxwell, You Go Boy!!!!  If you don't have the CD.  Go out and get the CD.  You won't be sorry!!!  I know I won't be loaning  mine to anyone!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KBT', u"Influential? Try this: In the late 70s, I worked as a record-store clerk  in a big chain store in Berkeley, California. We got a lot of bands through  town in those days, and most of them visited our store, not least because  of our huge cassette catalog (since the CD hadn't been invented yet,  cassettes were the recreational-listening medium of choice for touring  musicians). Over the course of one year during that period, we got visits  from Blondie, Talking Heads, Elvis Costello, Miles Davis, Brian Eno and  Phillip Glass. AND EVERY SINGLE ONE of these musicians (or members of their  groups) came in and bought Beefheart product on cassette -- most of them,  this album (some already had it). Debbie Harry was particularly fond of the  man, believe it or lump it (she bought everything then available).If you  want an explanation of Beefheart, try reading Greil Marcus' &quot;Lipstick  Traces: A Secret History of the 20th Century&quot;, where Marcus cites him  (along with such as the Velvets and Count Five) as one of the very few who  weren't wholly &quot;discredited&quot; by the advent of the Sex Pistols and  punk music generally. He's still correct.I have now owned a copy of  this recording in one medium or another for over 20 years. I listen to it  at least monthly. It keeps me sane. It is also extremely useful if you  should happen to invite one or more stupid media pink boys to your  apartment and then find you cannot get rid of them. Simply put on TMR and  watch them run screaming for the exits (and should you find yourself among  them, get a lobotomy)."))
(5.0, (u'B000001OZ9', u'I first heard Cold Blood on a bus ride to Michigan with my high school  swim team.  We won the meet, but what was more important was that I had  been exposed to one of the best bands that I have ever heard.  Lydia Pense  puts virtually every singer of yesterday and today to shame with her  heartfelt performances. The band, if you read the credits to the original  albums(how I wish they would be released on CD), was part of many of the  ensuing SF brass bands, including Tower of Power. I used to have fights  with the guy who turned me on to Cold Blood about who was better, CB or  TofP, but in time it has to be said that they are both classic blues based  brass bands. Anything to compare them with today?  Only Southside Johnny, a  pale comparison. This CD should be in every collection of rock and roll.'))
(5.0, (u'6302862787', u"Joyce Hyser amply demonstrates her potential as a major comedy film star  in &quot;Just One of the Guys&quot;.  Hyser, along with a superlative cast,  accurately conveys the choices, opportunities, and consequences confronting  teenagers in the last part of the twentieth century in America.  Hyser's  character, Terri, overcomes sexist stereotypes and emotional resistance to  triumph in her chosen field, journalism.  She repeatedly faces ethical  dilemmas, developing and maturing during the process.  Hyser is joined by  a superlative cast.  Her character's brother, Buddy, is a troubled and  obsessive young man who learns through painful experience the value of love  and caring.  The part of Terri's boyfriend is also well cast.  Terri's  boyfriend is an emotional cipher, incapable of articulating or realizing  true love.All in all, an outstanding feature.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JCB', u"Collective Soul, after two previous great albums, really rose to the top  with Disciplined Breakdown. The CD is awesome!  One word that comes to mind  is texture.  If you listen closely to every track, you hear little  things... little things that add immensely to the overall sound.  Collective Soul use the perfect happy chords and hooks, it's the kind of  music you sit back and reminisce to.  You remember happy times, and sad  times.  Most albums have the added junk that goes along with the  popular and advertised songs.  Not so with this one.  Every tune is sweet,  there is no need to hit the skip button.  Like one of the reviews  below this one said, I would most certainly buy a Collective Soul album  without listening to it, because they are a band that can't really mess up."))
(5.0, (u'B000008UTE', u"Rich Mullins' songs and writings have long been known for their  lightning-flash lyricism and clarity of vision of self, the world, and  God... but in this final work the listener can hear the heart of a tired  but always hope-filled troubadour more powerfully than ever.  Every song is  full of the finest and most real and honest heart's cry you will ever find  on a recording... and soaked with the wrenchingly beautiful  &quot;relentless affection&quot; of Jesus in His long-lost reality, dirt  under His nails and hanging with the whores and drunks and the  lower-than-low.  It is indeed an album that &quot;needed to be made,&quot;  as Rich himself said before his death, and it has been well-realized."))
(5.0, (u'B000009CZH', u"Collin Raye strikes again with &quot;The Walls Came Down&quot;.  He has  the type of voice that I could listen to for hours on end.  Although a  couple of the songs on this CD are really not my kind of country music (too  traditional and slow), having his voice singing them makes them listenable.  The standout tracks for me are &quot;The Walls Came Down&quot;, penned by  Collin himself, and &quot;The Eleventh Commandment&quot;.  The latter is an  absolutely haunting song...not a country song, more of a contemporary  christian tune than anything else.  But it doesn't matter what type of  music it is, the song touches the heart and doesn't let go.  Collin's voice  tells the story of the evils inflicted on children, and though it's a story  we've all heard before this telling has a melody that is so dramatic it  literally stops you in your tracks.  Collin has many songs that have a  powerful message, and this one is by far my favorite.  It may not be  commercially successful, but it gives me even more respect for him as an  artist, especially since the liner notes make it very clear that Collin  wanted this song on the CD no matter what opposition he would face.  Another great album, but make sure you play it all the way through...the  last song is the BEST!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009QK9', u"The one complaint I have is that the disc is only 46 minutes, being too  short it leves yu wanting more.  The songs go as follows:1.  &quot;Djinn&quot;: an ambient percussion rumble (4:44)2.  &quot;Water  Memory&quot;: rippling synth sounds underneath the heavy water drum  percussion (8:45)3.  &quot;Magnus&quot;: hypno flutist Nick Parkin shows  his stuff here (8 22)4.  &quot;Ghosts in the Landscape&quot;: the  longest track at 8:51 is a brillant ambient trek (very dark)5.  &quot;Terma&quot;: the title piece which lhas some interesting sounds is in  the spirit of the entire album (very dark) (5:46)I can't clearly recall  what these last tracks sound like because I got the disc a few days ago and  I haven't listend to these ones as much.6.  &quot;Plateau&quot; (5:17)  7.  &quot;Serpent Fire&quot; (4:53)"))
(5.0, (u'B00000BKDU', u"This is THE classic Maiden album!  This is the one where the legendary  Bruce Dickinson first took on lead vocals and belted out some of the most  timeless melodic metal ever committed to record.  Each and every track is  'best of' material, but stand-outs include &quot;Children Of The  Damned&quot;, &quot;Invaders&quot;, &quot;The Number Of The Beast&quot; and  the haunting &quot;Hallowed Be Thy Name&quot;.  The ever-popular &quot;Run  To The Hills&quot; proves what a great set of lungs Bruce has, and what a  worthy successor he was to Paul DiAnno's throne.  This album paved the way  for some consistently excellent output from this highly above-average  group.  NOB (as they call it) is a great point to get acquainted with the  Maidens, and will remain one of the high points in the ranks of the New  Wave of British Heavy Metal."))
(5.0, (u'0780621980', u"This really isn't a movie about the porn business; its a movie about  people. And what people... and what a movie! An outstanding film in  every sense: acting, cinematography, writing, directing, music, and  implementation on DVD. The full-length director commentary is a must-hear  and adds greatly to the enjoyment of the film's second viewing. The image  transfer and 5.1 digital soundtrack are superior on this RSDL (dual-layer)  disc. Featuring what is without a doubt the pinnacle performance of  Burt Reynold's career and proving that Mark Wahlberg is a serious actor  capable of working in any genre, Boogie Nights is a carefully crafted work  of art that belongs in your permanent collection of DVDs.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001C85', u"Way back in '83, Savatage independently launched the first of many potent  weapons, perhaps in a rebellion against the big hair party rock of the day.  With Jon Oliva's legendary pipes, his brother Criss' nimble fingers and an  adequate rhythm section, they were able to take the early metallic crunch  of the underground, and a darker, more political Dio-ish lyrical base and  bring the underground that much closer to the surface. 'Sirens' is a  seminal metal release in the sense that it kickstarted a generation that  would splinter into two important sub-genres; the progressive metal  movement (Queensryche, Fates Warning, Dream Theater...) and the Thrash  movement (Death Angel, Nasty Savage...) Also, very important in that this  album was the first in a very long line of important releases from the  Tampa Bay metal scene. (Nasty Savage, Death, Obituary, Deicide, Atheist...)  The songs themselves cover a broad swatch of territory. The title cut,  &quot;I Believe&quot;, &quot;Holocaust&quot;, &quot;On The Run&quot; all  displaying some very fertile metallic stylings, while &quot;Rage&quot; and  &quot;Twisted Little Sister&quot; show a metal band with a slight ear for  punk/hardcore, if in delivery as opposed to attitude. The production is  quite strong and material is not quite as dated as most of the genre. Not  bad for a bunch of guys working on a self-financed independent recording!  Kult Klassik!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002BS2', u"I was completely taken aback by the very different, but not completely  unexpected styles on this album.  It is certainly harder edged than their  earlier albums, but I think they have been building up to this for ages.  Amy's songs such as &quot;Touch Me Fall&quot; and &quot;This Train  Revised&quot; just forshadowed songs such as &quot;Shame on You&quot; and  &quot;Cut it Out.&quot;  &quot;Shed Your Skin,&quot; which is my favorite  song right now, is more of a departure for Amy.  It is much more black and  heavy, although, at the same time it is inspiring.  And, not to forget  Emily, &quot;Get Out the Map&quot; and &quot;Its Alright&quot; are  absoltuely wonderful.  Buy this album!!!!!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002ZQN', u"For me, Summers Last Will and Testament is Constant Lambert's finest work.  It is a 50 minute long choral piece based on Elizabethen dance forms and  setting  words from Thomas Nashe's masque about London during the plague  years, published in 1600. It uses the very rich harmonic language that  Lambert is so good at, but steers away from the jazz-inspired work he is  more famous for - such as in the upbeat Rio Grande, also on this disk. Just  listen to the seven minute orchestral introduction, a melancholy  sicillianne with oboe soloist, for a taste. First performed in 1936, the  piece has had only a handful of performances since and no recording, until  David Lloyd Jones, who has recorded other Lambert works, revived it. He has  a real feel for the music. The late Christopher Palmer - also a champion of  the music of William Walton and Bernard Hermann - produced this recording,  and also wrote the notes, some of the best I've read. Highly recommended  before it goes out of print."))
(5.0, (u'B0000033YH', u"This album is a classic, a must have for any true rap fan.  It is nice to  remember the times when rappers were just hanging out, making fun rhymes  and trying to top eachother.  &quot;Can You Feel It&quot; is one of the  best tracks hip-hop has ever produced.  The deceased Darren Robinson (Human  Beat Box) livens up every track with his unique style, and Mark Morales  (Prince Markie Dee) and Damon Wimbley (Kool Rockski) are lyricists that  never really got their due.  Don't be fooled by &quot;Wipe Out&quot; and  &quot;Twist&quot;, these were exceptions to the Fat Boys rule.  I highly  recommend the album to anybody who jammed to them in the 80s or to people  tired of the current tired rap scene."))
(5.0, (u'B000002P5D', u"Even the 1983 Tony Award -winning revival of this Rodgers and Hart show  couldn't match the sound and presence on its cast recording (now sadly out  of print) with that of Decca's in this 1954 revival. Performances by Bobby  Van and Elaine Stritch are wonderful, orchestrations are lively and bouncy,  but it's the sound (uncharacteristically full, rich and sonorous for  Decca's usually tinny results) that steals the show.  Since the 1956  Columbia studio cast recording is not yet available on CD (the year 2000)  and the 1983 cast recording is out of print, this is the ONLY one available  - don't hesitate.  It's a great recording."))
(5.0, (u'B000003PTO', u"WISH YOU WERE HERE, along with STRAIGHT UP, represents Badfinger at their best. This is probably their finest album and, sadly, the last recorded with the band's classic line up. The songs are terrific--Ham and Joey Molland wrote the bulk of the materialwith a single contribution from Tom Evans(at one point during the recording of this album Tom Evans left the band in frustration over their mounting legal and financial woes) .Badfinger is constantly compared to the Beatles. Beyond their melodic songwriting approach and their gift for harmonies, they don't bare more than a superficial resemblence to the Beatles. Being on Apple(the Beatles label)probably didn't help and fostered this impression.Badfinger was, along with later bands Big Star & the Raspberries, pioneers in the power pop song. Lyrically, the band never showed the sophistication of Lennon/McCartney and musically they had a distinct sound of their own--although they owed a debt to the Beatles like a lot of bands from that time--which was defining. If you're buying Badfinger cd's for the first time, start with this or STRAIGHT UP and to round out your starting collection [butt] and BADFINGER in that order. GREATEST HITS VOLUME 1 & 2 also represent a very good overview of the band."))
(5.0, (u'B000003S09', u"I am not a progressive rock fan. I am not even a fan of subsequent King  Crimson.  But this album transcends any attempts to pigeon-hole it. If 6  stars were possible this is where they would belong; Pete Townshend's  description -- &quot;uncanny masterpiece&quot; -- is apt. The first time I  heard this album, I remember standing transfixed, uninfluenced by chemicals  no less, and doing so even through the broken music-box sounding  experimentation of side two (vinyl), something I never would have done for  any other production.  I believe this album was far more influential than  merely birthing prog-rock; it inspired many -- directly and indirectly --  to use the techniques of modern sound to advance popular music.  For the  history books.  (Warnng: women do not enjoy this album, reasons unknown.)"))
(5.0, (u'B000003G47', u"At last! Since the great recordings of the Vier Letzte Lieder by Elizabeth  Schwarzkopf with George Szell (EMI), Sena Jurinac with Fritz Busch (EMI  R&eacute;f&eacute;rences) and Gundula Janowitz with Herbert von Karajan (DG) the  recording industry was not able to produce another worthy and enough  satisfying version of this Strauss' sublime and extremely difficult work.  Fleming faces beautifully all the interpretive challenges, delivering an  immaculate and meaningful reading of the work which makes evident a strong  Schwarzkopf influence. Although all the four last songs and the extra five  orchestral songs are little masterpieces of musical commitment and balance  between text and music, my favourites are &quot;Im Abendrot&quot;,  &quot;Befreit&quot; and &quot;C&auml;cilie&quot;. From the golden, velvety and  magical tone employed in &quot;Im Abendrot&quot;, going through the amazing  legato and breath control of &quot;Befreit&quot; to the mighty power of the  voice in &quot;C&auml;cilie&quot;, Fleming rejoice us with one of the most  superb albums of the last times. Brava! Brava! and, once again, Brava!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000064P', u"Listening to Nick Drake while netsurfing led me to post this review almost  immediately - he's that personal, that emotionally and musically  compelling. His sadly beautiful music sneaks up on you, and gets under your  skin without warning - stray bits of melody, bittersweet lyrical turns of  phrase, instrumental touches in the background all conspire to seek out  memories you'd thought were buried forever, making you feel, whatever your  mood, more at home in the world. Out of his brief, tormented span of days  among us, Nick Drake distilled four discs' worth of enduring companionship  it's taken us more than twenty-five years to catch up with and cherish in  its full amplitude. If only he had had a Nick Drake of his own to, in Ian  Anderson's words, &quot;heal the wound and still the pain, that threatens  again and again.&quot; Wherever you are, Nick - we love your musical  company, and will welcome its sacramental grace for as long as our hearts  endure."))
(5.0, (u'B0000026GM', u'In an interview,Leon Fleisher said that he had been in awe of George Szell  from an early age-thanks to a recording of the Brahms D-minor concerto that  his parents had given him featuring his future piano teacher (Artur  Schnabel!) and Szell conducting. Many years later Fleisher himself would  make a series of records with Szell and the Cleveland orchestra in music  ranging from Mozart and Beethoven to Grieg and Rachmaninoff. Along with  their sublime set of the two Brahms concerti(also now available)this set  remains a classic in the anals of recording for their forward  impetus,sweep,power and poetry.Szell never just supports his soloist,but  offers instead an ongoing dialogue between pianist and orchestra.Fleisher  plays with all the fire and poetry that hallmarked his famous teacher,and  with technical aplomb.The orchestra was at the top of their form-in a  word,magnificent! The piano sound is a little hard in places,but the  balance is fine. This set is a must for every Beethoven lover,it will never  be bettered.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"I first heard Dave with the Under the Table album, and then I sorta lost  track until this album came out. I love it, it's great music that I listen  to over and over again. I find that as I listen to it, I begin to find  other songs to be really really good. For example, I used to skip tracks  like The Last Stop, Don't Drink the Water, etc. but as I got to know them  they are now the ones that I occasionally skip to. It's a change from the  other albums, but it's a lot better than a monotonistic band. A must-buy."))
(5.0, (u'B000000PL1', u'Until now we had only two recordings of this Rodgers and Hart classic -  the riveting 1950 Columbia cast recording with great performances, great  sound and great orchestrations -and - the mediocre 1952 Broadway revival  cast.  This new recording is splendid - sonically fabulous, the great  original orchestrations used in the 1950 recording even more stunning with  stereophonic and digital presence; performances by Lupone and Gallagher as  well as rest of cast are superb.  Brisk, breezy, jaunty and full of sass -  a superb recreation that can take its place beside the recent concert  revival recording of THE BOYS FROM SYRACUSE as stellar recreations of  Rodgers and Hart gems.'))
(5.0, (u'6302643627', u"This is overall the best film of the life of Christ by far.  Okay, as a  purist I can find a very few nit-picky details of inaccuracy, as well as  the not so nit-picky detail that Judas' descent into greed and greed's  motivating him to betray Jesus is obscured, if not illiminated.  But the  fact remains that this film is still extremely faithful to the Scriptures -  more so than any other film about Jesus I have seen with the exception of  the film &quot;Jesus&quot; (1979) - and even the 1979 Jesus film, which is  letter perfect as far as text faithfulness to the Gospel of Luke is  concerned, is only slightly more accurate than &quot;Jesus of  Nazareth&quot;.  &quot;Jesus of Nazareth&quot;, however, is based on all  four books of the Gospel (rather than only one as with the 1979 Jesus film)  combines information from the four books in very insightful ways, and above  all, does a better job than any film in communicating the spirit of the  story as a whole, as well as the spirit of each scene.  The cast and crew  do an excellent job of developing all the characters, especially the  apostles, as real and individual people, not just props for the title role.  This results from a combination of superlative acting, directing, and  editing.Going beyond the scope of comparing this film to other  Biblical epics, it depicts spiritual experience more realistically than any  film I have seen.  In scenes such as Mary Magdalene's repentence or Peter's  repentence after denying Jesus three times, I have never seen a more  realistic portrayal of someone repenting and praying through to a definite  experience of salvation in any religious film produced by church groups.This film has actually inspired a greater hunger for Bible study in  myself and in others. Every moment, every scene of this film is pregnant  with meaning.  I would venture to say that &quot;Jesus of Nazareth&quot; is  not only a first-rate film; viewing &quot;Jesus of Nazareth&quot;, almost  in spite of its makers, is a spiritual experience itself.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002III', u"This is Bette's only true comedy album. She only sings as a part of her  act, and does none of her songs that people have grown to love. But she  still delivers pure Bette.  The tracks are quick and move into each  other easily, and in nearly every single one there are moments when you  simply must laugh out loud. The album ends all to quickly leaving you  wanting more, and I listened to it over and over,and still do whenever I  want to laugh and forget my troubles.  Mud WILL Be Flung Tonight is a  wonderful collection of humor, wit, and classic Bettisms, that pokes fun at  the industry and herself. And of course there are plenty of remarks  concerning her ample bosom.  This is a must have for any Bette fan, as  it reminds us of her concerts and movies. Midler really shines, and the  gift of laughter is always precious, especially at such a wonderful price.  Buy the album, it will make you laugh."))
(5.0, (u'B0000029YF', u"I was greatly moved by the PBS series called &quot;Liberty&quot;.  One of  the reasons that the documentary was so powerful and so deeply moving was  because of the positvely exquisite music performed by Mark O'connor.  The  theme song &quot;Song of the Liberty bell&quot; makes one feel the mournful  joy of those who sacrificed so dearly that this nation under God might be  born. In it I can feel the icy chill in the air as Washighton crossed the  Delaware and as freemen choose to go hungry and freeze at Valley Forge,  rather than submit to the tyranny of unjust kingly taxation. And in it I  can feel the triumphant joy of our soldiers at Yorktowne as the arrogant  British are forced to lay down their arms.  The tune, &quot;the world  turned upside down&quot; so beautifully expresses the tearful joy of  liberty and the end of British tyranny.  It is the soldiers exhualtation of  victory and the unspeakable joy at birth of a new country.  Thank you, Mark  'Connor, for an excellent performance and so greatly contributing to a  wonderful documentary, and for paying so worthy a tribute to those who, at  our country's birth, backed up their ideas and words with collassal deeds."))
(5.0, (u'B000005YP7', u"This recording set unplayed for years buried somewhere in my fairly  extensive record collection. I discovered it anew just recently, and at  about one a.m. placed it on my seldom used but not discarded Pioneer  turntable. What I heard placed me in the same state of bliss that I  remembered from years ago when I first hear &quot;If Only We Knew&quot;. I  groved on the sound in that early morning hour and vowed that I would get  the CD ASAP. Later on that same day after a little sleep, I went on line  into Columbiahouse's music listing just knowing that it had to be there.  Typing &quot;John Handy&quot; into the little search box I was shocked at  what I found. Not only was Live at the Monterey Jazz Festival not list,  there was'nt a single listing for John Handy. I thought what a ---- shame.  Not only is the recording that I truly want not out there, but Handy's work  has been overlooked altogether. I thought, what is going on? I was deeply  saddened at the prospect of not having this CD and even moreso at the idea  that John Handy, a great jazz man, was overlooked. I thought that I would  just have to wait and hope that Columbia Records or somebody would come to  their senses and release at lease the Monterey performance on CD. For now I  thought, if it was'nt listed by columbiahouse.com, it did'nt exist. Well,  having heard of, but never having used Amazon, I did give much thought to  Amazon.com. as a possible source for this recording. Well, I got around to  at least looking and was both surprised and happy to see that they had it!  Alas, somebody did have the good judgement to recognize a great performance  and to memorialize it in a digital format and Amazon was wise enough have  it. Great! I can't wait to add this recording to my CD collection. While I  truly enjoyed the reunion between the record and my old turntable and take  some comfort in just having my old record, enjoying the sounds of this  truly great performance without the occassional pops and skips is a treat  that I'm looking forward to with great anticipation."))
(5.0, (u'0792165055', u"I saw this film approximately 20 times during my college years.  Franco  Zeffirelli's production was revolutionary for 1967, in using teenage actors  for the tragic Romeo and Juliet, and his choices were perfection:  the  young Olivia Hussey is a heartbreakingly beautiful, vulnerable and  courageous Juliet, while Leonard Whiting is a sensitive, poetically  handsome and appealing Romeo. Zeffirelli's career as a director of opera is  put to spectacular use here--each scene is meticulously crafted to be an  accurate representation of an actual Renaissance scene. Stunningly  beautiful clothing, furniture, food, glass, sculpture--it is an  overwhelming feast for the eyes.  The backgrounds are the preserved  medieval towns of Northern Italy, and the gorgeous  settings, such as the  Borghese palace for the balcony scene, give the entire film the appearance  of an animated Renaissance painting.  Zeffirelli took some liberties with  Shakespeare's original script,excising some of it for the sake of brevity,  but unless you are a die-hard Shakespeare purist, it is a minor flaw in  this unforgettable film. The other key roles are acted to perfection by  classically-trained performers like Robert Stephens, Michael York and John  McEnery (a fiery and very exciting Tybalt and Mercutio). I never saw it in  a theater without the sound of many girls weeping aloud by the end of the  film--I was often one of them. Leslie Howard was a better actor, and  Leonardo DiCaprio/Clare Danes are more contemporary, but if you love  beauty, this is THE quintessential Romeo and Juliet on film.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000OQ7', u"This soundtrack to one of the best musical/horror/comedies is lively and  upbeat, and is a wonderful souvenir for those who adore the film.  For  those unfamiliar with 1986's &quot;Little Shop of Horrors&quot;, this album  is nonetheless a fantastic collection of broadway-style songs, conveying  the tale of a meek flower-shop assistant who nurtures a rare species of  talking plant until it becomes hungry for blood(!!!).  This is a completely  tongue-in-cheek modern take on 50's B-movies, with wacky characters belting  out these great tunes which boast some of the most outrageous yet ingenious  lyrics.  The actors Ellen Greene, Rick Moranis, Steve Martin and Levi  Stubbs (of the Four Tops, who voices the plant Audrey II) all shine as  singers as well.  It's all a whole lot of fun, and the musical styles are  varied, ranging from honky-tonk to doo-wop to straightforward rock n' roll.For those familiar with the musical stage play, the songs on this album  vary slightly; some tunes were not used in the film and therefore do not  appear here (no big loss IMHO) and there is an added track &quot;Mean Green  Mother From Outerspace&quot; to go with the movie's altered ending. Of all  the great movie soundtracks out there, this is a true favourite of mine  which never ceases to please. Plant this one in your CD player and watch it  grow for you."))
(5.0, (u'630398021X', u'My favorite film of all time, Strange Days manages to capture everything  possible in a 2-something hour movie.  It is an action movie done with  taste.  Like other James Cameron movies, this one has is a very touchy,  emotional story told in front of a backdrop of near-anarchistic streets of  Los Angeles on December 31, 1999.  The movie has a very dark -Nautral Born  Killers- feeling but I could only be saying that because of Juliete Lewis  who plays lead roles in both movies.  The bottom line is that every person  should see this movie and eveyr person will find something to like in it.  It has beautiful romantic scenes as well as violent rape scenes, it has  everything, yet it does not feel cluttered  END'))
(5.0, (u'6304595247', u"I was amazed when I read that this British production was not well  received upon its release in 1992.  The highly talented pair of Juliette  Binoche and Ralph Fiennes play the doomed Cathy and Heathcliff, supported  by the equally fine Janet McTeer as Ellen Dean.  The performances are  exemplary--Fiennes' performance is said to have inspired Steven Spielberg  to cast him as the Nazi commandant in &quot;Schindler's List.&quot;  And a  diabolical Heathcliff he is, indeed--Fiennes plays this intense role  faithful to Emily Bronte's original character.  He is tormented, sadistic,  manipulative, ruthless and brutal--and nonetheless hypnotically sexual and  alluring.  This is the genuine Heathcliff, with all apologies to the  brilliant Laurence Olivier, who portrayed Heathcliff as a much more  sympathetic character. Juliette Binoche plays both Cathy and Cathy's  daughter by the ineffectual Edgar Linton, and brings great depth and appeal  to both roles. The scenes of the bleak Yorkshire moors, and the haunting,  shadowy quality of the Wuthering Heights house, lend this film a truly  Gothic atmosphere. A jarring note is the casting of Sinead O'Connor (in a  wig) as Emily Bronte, but this is a minor flaw. I found this version every  bit as good as the original 1939 classic, to which this film has been  unfairly compared.  It is much more faithful to the brooding, doomed  quality of the book.  The scenes acted by Fiennes as the grief-stricken  Heathcliff just after Cathy's death are alone worth the price of the film.  For the many fans of these two brilliant actors, and of Bronte's novel,  this film is well worth seeing.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002KER', u'For classic Doobie fans, this album must be the best, if not their most  versatile album ever.  Though most classic rock stations only play a few of  the cuts like &quot;China Grove&quot; (which is an actual small community  outside of San Antonio) and &quot;Long Train Runnin,&quot;, the entire  album is great rock and roll and well worth hearing again and again.  The  variety, the changing styles between songs all illustrate the expertise of  the original Doobie Brothers to make great music, rather than being stuck  with one style.  For those of us who lived during its release in the early  seventies, it may have special significance and hold some heavy memories.  All the cuts on this CD are worth hearing today.  The acoustic guitar on  &quot;South City Midnight Lady&quot; is just too good. Get good headphones  and crank it up.  The rockin out and hard hitting beat on &quot;Without  You&quot; is enough to make a mummy get up and &quot;get down.&quot;  The  naturalistic themes of &quot;Ukiah&quot; makes one want to get way out in  the woods and bring the doobies.  This CD is a must for anyone wanting the  &quot;cream&quot; of seventies classic rock.'))
(5.0, (u'B000001OAE', u"I first came to listen to Gillian Welsh because I wanted to hear her own  rendition of 'Orphan Girl', as she is the writer, after I heard Emmy Lou  Harris cover it.  I must say, I became entranced by the entire CD and  listened to nothing else for over a month.I don't know who she is or how  she does it, she and Ken Rawlings, but I hope she continues creating this  musical magic.  They can truly transport the listener back to a time and  place that is not recent, not modern, even though the songs were borne of  this decade and not generations ago in the mountains of East Tennessee.  Every once in a while, she'll throw you for a loop by bringing you back to  the present with a song like 'Pass You By' or 'Barroom Girl', even though  it fits right in with the rest of the musical pieces.I have not been  this impressed with the craftsmenship and pure creativity of ANY musicians  for a very long time...maybe since I was a young woman and first heard Joan  Baez sing. Every song here is peerless, a gem in it's own right."))
(5.0, (u'B000000P7E', u"I was at this show in Los Angeles, Ca. during the taping of this album in  Dec of 1996. There were also video cameras there, and we were told a  documentary was being made that night. I have yet to see the fruitation of  that, however, I am waiting. When listening to this CD I was pleasently  surprised to be able to hear even myself screaming in the back ground!  Human Drama has always amazed me with how clear and together they can sound  live and that really comes thru on this album! They use a variety of  instuments and Johnny Indovina has a strong, yet pleading voice that  carries such powerful passion that in a live show you are drawn into the  moment, no matter how you might try to just observe from the sidelines.  This album has many of their older songs and a few remakes, but it has the  power of being Live and actually sounding good! This by far is one of my  favorite CD's of Human Drama's and I would recomend it to any first time  Human Drama listener as well as to all veteren fans."))
(5.0, (u'B000008UTE', u"I believe this album and the timing of Rich's death was all in God's plan.  I have seen this album focus many people's attention on Jesus, and has  given Jesus and the simple yet profound Gosple message  a good name in a  culture where people are becoming increasingly cold to objective Christian  thought.  I know Rich would have liked this. Rich has always been my  favorite singer, and I have always eagerly awaited the release of the next  Rich album.  Its hard to believe this is the last one.  But what an album!  I loved every thing about it.  The demo CD of  just plain Rich and no fancy  stuff is a beautiful treasure.  The CD put together by the Ragamuffin Band  and others is wonderful too.  The final song on the second CD,  &quot;Where  I Am There You May Also Be.&quot;,  where there are cuts of Rich along with  everyone else moves me deeply every time I here it.  Best of all it present  a true picture of Christ, the Son of God who loved sinners and came to seek  and save the lost.  The Jesus Record and the events surrounding it is a  beautiful picture to the world of the true Jesus.  Thanks Rich!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADGE', u"Tammy Wynette would have been proud as well as humbled.  A handful of  songs that made her 'The First Lady of Country Music' are re-interpreted by  friends and fellow country and pop stars in a loving tribute CD.  You may  be undecided about Elton John's performance of Wynette's signature song,  STAND BY YOUR MAN, but you'll end up blown away by the soul deep despair of  Melissa Etheridge's APARTMENT #9, the painfully stark presentation of  D-I-V-O-R-C-E by Rosanne Cash and the haunting, almost guilt ridden version  of TAKE ME TO YOUR WORLD by George Jones.  Lorrie Morgan remains faithful  to the original YOU AND ME as does Trisha Yearwood on TIL I GET IT RIGHT.  Sara Evans sound naive and broken as she sings Wynette's first &quot;kid  classic&quot;, I DONT WANNA PLAY HOUSE.  Faith Hill strains to capture the  original  magic of TIL I MAKE IT ON MY OWN and Emmylou Harris (joined by  Linda Rondtadt and Anna &amp; Kate McGarrigle) offer up a near bluegrass  version of the WYnette/Jones duet, GOLDEN RING.  All deliver fine  performances, but it is Wynette's last recorded song, IN MY ROOM (a cover  of the Beach Boys hit which she duets here with Brian Wilson) which steals  the show.  Sounding frail, alone and borken, even Wilson admits that Tammy  makes it seem as though the song was written for her.  But this is not  surprising ... Tammy Wynette had that kind of effect on songs."))
(5.0, (u'B00000C2ML', u"Luis Villegas and the UN are a GREAT BAND! I can't recommend them enough.  If you love latin jazz, salsa, flamenco music, then you MUST get this CD.  Their sound is a mix of the Gipsy Kings, Strunz and Farah and Ottmar  Liebert, but more energetic. The band itself is amazing. They are the  friendliest guys you will ever meet. They are not star struck. They are  like your best friends and always willing to talk in between sets. Pick  this CD up and I can guarantee you will be dancing in your car/home and/or  taping your feet to the music. If you live in the Southern California area  be sure to check out one of their live shows each month!. Their website is:  [...]"))
(5.0, (u'B0000016QP', u"For those unfamiliar with this Cali punk/pop/concept band, All is  basically Descendents minus lead singer/juice Milo Aukerman. Most  Descendents fans seem to think of All as simply a weaker Xerox of that  band's glory, but All is distinguished by the fluctuating despair and  neurosis in their lyrics, which serves as a logical progression from the  smarmy love songs of days gone by. The Allsters rotate lyrical duties here  as usual, but there is a definite theme of confused irritation which starts  off lightheartedly enough with the self-depricating &quot;Fool&quot; and  gets progressively darker through &quot;Scary Sad&quot; (an ode to a  suicidal girlfriend), &quot;Box&quot; (a disturbing satire on couch-patato  pathos), &quot;Copping Z&quot; (a superficially silly tune about  oversleeping with a dark, alienated undercurrent), and &quot;She's My  Ex&quot; (the ultimate post-breakup self-flagellation). Scott Reynolds is  not the strongest singer of the many who have sat in the All lead vocalist  chair, but he turns in some sweet lyrics (particularly &quot;Box&quot;) and  doesn't have current singer Chad Price's love-it-or-hate-it resemblance to  Brian Adams. This is All's most musically diverse and emotionally involving  effort, and Descendents fans who are starting to outgrow &quot;I'm Not a  Loser&quot; and &quot;Enjoy!&quot; really should check it out."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EAQ', u"POP is trashy and fun. POP is sincere. POP is personal. And POP is so much  more than can be explained in words. So forget the old U2.  Forget the new  U2. It's all U2 in the end. Just listen with an open mind.  Some people  won't like this cd.  Perhaps we've been conditioned to expect the familiar.  It's easy to go backward but the future is so much more exiting!  Believe  me I love the 80s!  But if you're ready for something ORIGINAL buy this cd.  If you prefer Puff Daddy repeating and repeating the same old songs don't  buy this cd. It's that simple!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001CXA', u"The Paperboys are the best band to hit the scene in a long time. I've been  looking for recent Celtic music as I wanted to learn more about my  anscestory and The Paperboys are one of the best if not the best Celtic  bands of the present.  The first time I ever heard them was at a live  concert at Seattle University and have been an avid fan ever since.  The  creativity and commaradery is both seen and sensed.  The band has fun doing  what they are doing.  And when the band is having fun you can't help but  have fun.  Take a chance, you will not be disappointed."))
(5.0, (u'B000002WYZ', u'I heard of Della Reese for the first time not on Touched By an Angel, but  on the old &quot;Sandford and Son&quot; show.  How Fred went crazy when he  heard that name! Now we can listen to her voice on CD-and it is a great  voice.  She is brassy-like Ethel Merman, but she does ballads nicely also.  The CD also has great pictures which remind me of pictures of Pearl Bailey  (when are we going to get a retrospect of her recordings?). With the  rediscovery of &quot;Lounge&quot; music in full swing, this release is a  welcome addition to the archives of recorded pop music -Darin Tysdal'))
(5.0, (u'B0000032MA', u"This is the perfect introduction to Julie London.  There's a handful of  swinging uptempo numbers, but the focus is on Julie's biggest strength:  ballads.  Julie once described herself as only having a &quot;thimbleful of  a voice,&quot; and it's the quiet calm of her singing that provides a  warmth and intimacy matched by few other jazz vocalists.  Her signature  tune, &quot;Cry Me a River,&quot; (she was the first artist to record this  chestnut) is of course included, and her readings of &quot;You'd Be So Nice  to Come Home To,&quot; &quot;Around Midnight,&quot; and &quot;Gone With the  Wind&quot; prove that Julie could take the most popular of standards and  make it her very own.  This collection also includes some lesser-heard  material, such as the smoky &quot;I Surrender, Dear&quot; and the  surprisingly sexy &quot;Go Slow.&quot;  (Julie whispering &quot;You make me  feel so good&quot; at the end is certainly one of jazz music's sultriest  moments.)  If you're already a fan of Julie, this is an enjoyably  comprehensive collection, spanning her entire career.  If you're new to  Julie London or jazz music in general, this CD is a perfect introduction to  what the genre, and this fantastic vocalist, can offer."))
(5.0, (u'B000005ITX', u"seeing 7 reviews saying this is a five star album would normally  automatically make me drop a star or two just to stay away from the herd,  but there's no way to do that with this record. it sounds like no rock  record you've heard. coming after the faux-byrdsy sound of their first and  their potent yet confused hard rock/jazz/psychedelic schtick of their  second, this must have been like a door being slammed in the faces of the  fans. beautiful lush orchestration merged with angelic voices crooning some  very pessimistic lyrics about life falling apart. unbelievable. there is  one outright dud on the album, the sappy &quot;old man&quot;, but that cant  drag the five star rating away. if you dont have this, yer a nerd. if you  dont want it, just stop listening to music, yer a fool."))
(5.0, (u'B000000550', u"Jars of Clay rock!!! &quot;Much Afraid&quot; differs from &quot;jars of  clay&quot;, their debut album, though both are Christian rock/alternative.  In &quot;Much Afraid&quot;, the lyrics are subtle, and it may take the  listener several times through to grasp the entire meaning (which is  definitely a good thing!)&quot;Overjoyed&quot;, relates the humility of the  true Christian walk. &quot;Crazy Times&quot;, my personal favorite, tells  the tale of a stray Christian reaching rock bottom and calling out to God;  the hard rock matches the lyrics perfectly. &quot;Tea and Sympathy&quot; is  a little too &quot;pop&quot; for such a sophisticated mix, but  &quot;Hymn&quot; makes up for it with absolutely beautiful lyrics and a  soft touch. Even though this album is different from the first, the  diversity only exemplifies the group's many talents."))
(5.0, (u'B000006FCM', u'Take some of the most talented individuals of Scottish heritage, mix in  some innovative instrumentals and phenomenal voices and you wind up with a  CD filled with great Scots music. It is a CD you will definately enjoy if  you love Celtic music.  I first played the CD on my Computer with surround  sound, then went for a drive in my car playing it as loud as allowed with  the wind in my face, and then I turned it loose on my home stereo.  It is  truly a superb CD.  Each artist and every song will entice you to return  again and again.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002UWF', u"Yeah, yeah, I know that everyone knows &quot;Jump, Jive An' Wail&quot; from the Gap commerical but it annoys me that some people think that Brian Setzer Orchestra did it first.  Prima did it first and (IMHO) better and I'm happy that he's finally getting some attention!I first heard Prima from old records I found at the library and this CD is the perfect place for a fan to start his/her collection.  Unfortunately, most of the stuff isn't written by Prima, but he does breathe a lot of life into the covers he does.Most of the stuff is very danceable (I know, 'cause I *love* to swing dance!)  and the horns are fabulous, as is the wonderful voice of Keely Smith on some of the duets.There's a lot of Prima's history included in the liner notes for those interested.  Worth every penny.  :)"))
(5.0, (u'B000007NUQ', u"I bought this CD four months ago, never having heard of the worship leader  or of Hillsong music. I wanted to hear what someone with my first name  could do. I was not disappointed, Darlene is truly annointed of God and her  music has blessed me far beyond my expectations! I have since bought this  CD, tape and video and given to both saved and unsaved friends. Don't miss  this one, it's the best of the Hillsong CD's. You will sing along with joy  and cry tears of happiness as you forget your earthly trials and step into  the presence of God!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000041Q3', u"I have owned the two-cassette version of this recording for some years and  it is without a doubt the most impressive recording I have ever heard of  Turandot.  Pavarotti is marvellous in this role, it was written for him!  Naturally, Sutherland is also wonderful in her role as Princess Turandot  and Liu is performed to perfection by Caballe.  I was privileged to see a  performance of Turandot by  The Australian Opera (at The Opera House,  Sydney) in 1995, the star of the show was Amanda Thane as Liu, I thought  the curtain calls for her would never stop.  Looking forward to receiving  my CD copy of this recording.  If you love Puccini, don't miss this  one!!!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002544', u"Between The Lines is a timeless work of art from one of America's most  gifted songwriters. No writer has ever articulated--no writer  could--loneliness, unrequited love, or profound, secret feelings the way  Ian does. The songs on this album strike deep, melancholic chords in the  soul, yet their effect is to soothe and reassure in an almost mystical way.  You come away from listening to this album with a feeling of personal,  almost divine, revelation. That these songs were crafted by someone in her  early twenties is even more remarkable. The kind of reflection and depth  found in Ian's writing has all but vanished from the palette of today's  young songwriters. Musically, Ian's fondness for descending bass lines and  altered minor and seventh chords underscores a certain emotional complexity  in her writing; melody and lyrics are brilliantly interwoven and  instruments are skillfully used and scored for their subliminal emotional  effects. Ian's voice, by turns a rage or a whisper, is both damning and  forgiving.  These songs of solemn self-realization and social comment have  an almost classical immutability to them and will likely live on for  generations. This is music and greatness and therapy all in one. If I  could, I'd take this album with me to the great beyond. --JE"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GOH', u"Amy Grant has one of the most distinctive voices - and vocal styles - in  music today. She can take a ballad and wring fresh tears from eyes that  have long-since dried. She can take a beat and effortlessly make your  fingers snap and your toes tap. I was concerned, however, that her more  recent albums were almost too polished &amp; pop-culturized (if that's even  a word&lt;g&gt;). My biggest fear was that Amy Grant would become a  sanitized, homogenized, pre-packaged commodity. How wonderful to be proved  wrong!! On &quot;Behind the Eyes&quot;, Amy is weaving a complex, touching,  and heart-wrenching story ... each song's story seems to lead right into  the next.  Interesting that there doesn't seem to be any genuinely  &quot;upbeat songs&quot;; though I can't say that I feel sad after  listening to the album. The arrangements are just right ... not too much,  not too little. She resonates with a depth of soul and spirit that is  welcome to these old ears o' mine!Thank you, Amy ... thank you for  showing what a tremendous talent and thoughtful person you really are."))
(5.0, (u'B0000032F8', u"John Lee Hooker has been bringing us his own style of delta blues for over  forty years.  He has revolutionized two types of blues: emotional 'blues  from the heart,&quot; and fast paced electric boggies.  Alone features the  master signing from his heart.  The lack of a band, or the lack electric  boggie blues does not lesson the impact of this album.  The listener  experiences the heart-felt emotion of the singer on each song.  Hooker has  a special interplay with his small audience, even praising a fan who  accompanies him on blues harp on one track.  I highly recommend this double  disk to all fans of John Lee Hooker!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000040UT', u"...the first time I heard Gavin  Bryars' unforgettable composition  &quot;Jesus' Blood Never Failed Me Yet.&quot;  I was working at the front  counter  of a tiny Manhattan bookstore, on a  lovely autumn Saturday  afternoon in  1984. I had the stereo out back  tuned low to WNYC-FM's  &quot;New Sounds&quot;  program. What might have been merely  pleasant  background wash that  afternoon soon became something else  entirely.  Something so simple - an  old tramp in London singing, in a  heartfelt,  plaintive voice almost  childlike in its innocence, a stanza  from an old  English hymn - became,  when repeated times without number,  each  repetition changed subtly by  the addition of a new chamber  instrument in  the background, a  small musical miracle, hypnotic,  insistent, and above  all stirring -  a revelation. I raced back to the  stereo about halfway  through the  piece to turn up the volume, and  awaited host John Schaefer's  follow-up commentary and the source  of this fugitive bit of musical  transcendence. The record had been  released originally in the mid-1970s  on Brian Eno's Obscure Records label  - and had fallen out of print. I  called Mr. Schaefer at WNYC weeks  later, and learned from him that my  reaction was common to those who had  heard &quot;Jesus' Blood&quot; played  on his  show. And the Manhattan record  dealer I then phoned after a  referral from Mr. Schaefer simply  informed me abruptly that the  recording  had been out of stock  indefinitely - &quot;we get this call all  the  time.&quot; I relied for years on a  cheap cassette taped under poor  reception off my boombox - the  crackle and fade during numerous  passages  only added to the feeling I  had of being among the Remnant,  preserving  fading embers amid ruin.  But thanks to the relentless  boutiquing of  practically all our  cultural memories, which in the age  of the internet  has proceeded  exponentially, the recording was  reissued on CD in late  1993, when we  learned also that singer Tom Waits  had long been among this  work's most  devoted fans. His own robust,  gravelly baritone closes the  new  recording, a tribute which fits and  enhances the material preceding.  That wistful old man, singing  by himself in the street, could have  had no idea of the effect he would  come to have upon Bryars and his  listeners over the next two decades  - and beyond. Some people first  remember hearing &quot;Jesus' Blood Never  Failed Me Yet&quot; while in  their cars -  before pulling off to the shoulder,  overcome by tears.  Whatever your own  eventual memories, you'll soon  understand why. And pass  it along to  your friends years from now."))
(5.0, (u'B000005LPA', u'It is only too usual for art to choose sadness as its topic. In Amor  Amarillo, Cerati instead sings a celebration of love. With music sweet and  solid as a dream that is being lived, these songs envelope you in a creamy,  yellow embrace. Even in Avenida Alcorta, which has a more bitter atmosphere  (&quot;today I came back tired of speaking about myself&quot;), love is  regarded as a redemption, as a shelter: &quot;wherever we are together will  be our home&quot;.  In this CD, Cerati brings the experience of love to the  realization itself: Cecilia Amenabar, her wife at that moment, who was  expecting their child, sings and plays the bass in some of the songs.  Amor  Amarillo is a praise of fertility, in every one of its stages. Playing it  is like diving in a swimming pool full of sunshine.'))
(5.0, (u'B000005ZD5', u"This is one of the greatest CD's released.  I picked this one up two days  after I saw the movie in the theater opening night.  And I'm still  listening to it.  While it is a very different style from Danny Elfman,  it's just as dark, and a good deal more eerie.  The best part of this is  the end.  Where a minor shift into major key changes the whole theme from  dark to bright.  Track #4, &quot;Dark&quot; has got to be one of the best  &quot;goth/techno/rock&quot; songs written within the last five years!  This CD is wonderul, and I suggest it for anyone with taste or an education  in music."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OR9', u"Blue Murder is one of the most unheard of GREAT bands and rock albums.  The brainchild of guitarist/singer John Sykes(Whitesnake, Thin Lizzy,  Tygers of Pan Tang)rocks with an intensity and feel that was sorely lacking  in the mid/late eighties rock scene. The album had minor MTV success with  the songs &quot;Valley of the Kings&quot; and &quot;Jelly Roll,&quot; but  lack of record company support left this album/band dead in the water after  a short time. (It's a shame considering they lost tons promoting the next  Whitsnake album which only had marginal success. Touche!) The songwriting  on this album is second to none and it changed my view of what music really  can do for the mind and soul.  I recommend this to anyone who likes melodic  hard rock. The guitar tone alone is worth buying this album for. It's like  biting into a big, fat, juicy hamburger with the juices dribbling down your  chin and all over your hands. It permeates the very essence of senses."))
(5.0, (u'B00000016N', u"At their inception, The Doors (in my opinion) played too much generic '60s  rock, as highlighted here by the inclusion of &quot;Twentieth Century  Fox,&quot; &quot;I Looked At You,&quot; and &quot;Take It As It  Comes.&quot; Plus, Jim wasn't cocky enough yet to go hogwild on the  microphone; in fact, on several of these tracks, he's tied down by  double-vocal overdubs (one of my least favorite studio effects - the singer  knows he has to sing everything the same way twice, so he's afraid to  improvise - see the first Ramones album or early '70s Bowie for further  examples), so this ain't The Doors at their hottest. It's still a very good  debut, though, featuring not only several of their best songs ever (the  rockin' &quot;Break On Through,&quot; the beautiful &quot;Crystal  Ship,&quot; and two perfect cover songs, &quot;Alabama Song&quot;&quot; and  &quot;Back Door Man&quot;), but one of the greatest and most popular rock  epics ever recorded by anybody!&quot;The End?,&quot; you ask, innocent  as a baby lamb in the forest? No. &quot;The End&quot; is boring. I'm glad  you like it. Good for you. I think it's boring. It works in Apocalypse Now,  but that's about it. I'm talking about &quot;Light My Fire&quot;. The long  version. I think I've heard it sixty zillion times, but I'll never get sick  of it. It cooks! Those keyboards, that guitar solo, that steady drumbeat,  those shouts at the end....awww man. If you've never heard it, do so. It's  hypnotizing!And &quot;The End&quot; is okay. Sorry I got so worked up  about it. I just think it's a little overrated.Mark Prindle"))
(5.0, (u'B000000BC4', u"This album is perfect for anyone who loves the old hymns.  It includes one  song that younger people may have never heard before: Church in the  Wildwood.  I'm 32 and had never heard it.  It's a wonderful song and one of  my favorites now.Tennesse Ernie sings beautifully on this album.  He  has a deep, rich voice and a great choir backing him up.  It sounds like  these people are really worshipping God and having a good time as well.I'm listening to the album as I write this review. Which is actually  making it a little difficult, because this is music you want to sing along  with. I think this album will be a real blessing to everyone who hears it."))
(5.0, (u'B000001VXJ', u"If you want to experience the joy of the &quot;later&quot; John Denver,  you must buy this set.  And Amazon.Com has the best price on it  anywhere!This collection of 5 CD's basically is a compilation of most of  John's work after he left RCA and began recording on his own Windstar  label.It's made up of the songs from such albums as &quot;Higher  Ground&quot;, &quot;Different Directions&quot;, &quot;Earth Songs&quot;,  etc.  To be expected, his classic hits can also be found here.  Except for  one small glitch (that may be corrected since I first got my copy) the  sound on the CD's is excellent.This set is probably your best value for  so much solid and great JD music! LaserLight does a great job in bringing  to John's fans so much of his later albums (usually found on often hard to  get imports that are expensive) at a truly affordable price.If you are a  John Denver fan, you'll love this collection!  Enjoy!Love and Peace,  Dave Snouffer"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"Kate Bush reached new creative peaks with the very consistent and  ground-breaking &quot;Hounds of Love&quot; album back in 1985.  Tori, who's  often compared to  the exhuberant Ms. Bush, does the same here with  &quot;choirgirl hotel.&quot;  This album is a departure from her lovely,  sophisticated piano tunes heard on &quot;Little Earthquakes.&quot;  Some  fans will just have to  open their minds and absorb the wonderful,  danceable melodies such as &quot;Spark,&quot; &quot;Raspberry Beret,&quot;  &quot;iieee,&quot; and &quot;Hotel.&quot;  But she does balances those  danceable tunes with her piano-based melodies -- &quot;Jackie's  Strength,&quot; &quot;Black Dove,&quot; and &quot;Northern Lad.&quot; It's  great to see Tori giving us something different with each album.  It's  great to find out what's next for us fans rather to predictably expect the  same as before... Let's hope Tori doesn't follow the footsteps of Ms. Bush,  whose albums proceeding &quot;Hounds of Love&quot;  were good but not  spectacular..."))
(5.0, (u'B000006AKD', u"Rarely in a lifetime does there come along a voice like Eva  Cassidy's.Never have I heard such an achingly honest voice.Her voice is a  pure musical instrument, under total control.It has all the colors of the  rainbow, and then some.She can tranfix you in a moment with soft silky  tones that soar to spine tingling rapture.Eva moves with effortless ease  through many styles, from a folky &quot;Fields of Gold&quot; by Sting, to  the jazz standard &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot;, to a gospel rendition of Pete  Seeger's &quot;Oh, Had I a Golden Thread&quot;.Ho hum ,not another version  of &quot;Over the Rainbow&quot;, but Eva makes it a completely new song  with imaginative and immaculate phrasing.Not only can Eva sing like  a  songbird, she plays guitar,keyboard, cello, does background vocals and  musical arrangements.It is a heart-rending tragedy that she died at only  33, and we can't be too grateful for her beautiful and exquisite legacy of  song.Thank you Eva, your voice is immortal.It is a tear stained rainbow  that will live in our souls forever."))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTY', u"What is &quot;psychofunkadelic grungelism?&quot;  You'll have to buy this  CD to find out, and I guarantee you'll love it!  Doug Pinnick, the  12-string bass thunder of the innovative power trio King's X, has laid down  an ear-pleasing, foot-stomping, hand-clapping set of tracks on an  &quot;electric poundation&quot; of massive bass vibes that'll set your  whole house quaking.  Pinnick's trademark silk-and-gravel vocals impart a  variety of moods to the album, lending a funky gospel voice to songs like  &quot;Jangle&quot; and &quot;Shake,&quot; a bluesy world-weariness to  &quot;Soul&quot; and &quot;Friends,&quot; a Hendrix-style otherworldliness  to &quot;Red.&quot;  Pinnick's understated guitar work is masterful (he  plays all guitars as well as bass).  The driving, crashing drum work of  Chad Lyons, Jerry Gaskill, and Shannon Larkin expand the vibes on this  album to a truly massive, glorious wall of sound.  Pinnick's innovative,  enormously influential career ought by now to have earned him a prime seat  in the first rank of African American rockers, right beside Jimi Hendrix  and Sly Stone.  This music is great enough to give him the recognition he  deserves.  I hope Metal Blade records and Pinnick's fans can get the secret  out."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AFN6', u"Fin de Seicle was worth waiting 100 years for. This is absolute brilliance  from Neil Hannon, and is certainly as magnificent as his previous works,  and in some cases better. It starts of with &quot;Generation Sex&quot;,  which is probably one of the weaker songs on the album. Despite this, it is  a bridge from the last LP &quot;Casanova&quot; (Not including Short Album  About Love). Then Hannon launches into the triumphant  &quot;Thrillseeker&quot;, swiftly followed by a change in tone for the  heart wrenching, yet pitifully funny &quot;Commuter Love&quot;. Soon  &quot;Sweden&quot; raises the tempo before &quot;Eric the Gardener&quot;  lets you into the life of an earthworm. Other highlights include  &quot;National Express&quot;, a very funny, and furiously paced joke on the  British transport system. Before he leaves you thinking that this album  wasn't as sceptical, and irony-laden as his previous works, the penultimate  song &quot;Here comes the flood&quot; sets that straight. In a break with  tradition, Hannon puts a definitely optimistic tune at the end of his new  album, &quot;Sunrise&quot;. This is a beautiful observation on the prospect  of hope with the troubles in Northern Ireland, which plays on the different  names that nationalists and unionists call the same towns. It's the best of  1998 so far.. and I can't wait to see another release from this brilliant  guy."))
(5.0, (u'B0000071EJ', u"I remember way back in my college days - I was reading &quot;Lord of the  Rings&quot; for the fifth time and I came across Klaatu's &quot;Hope&quot;  album - what an amazing sound!  It seemed as though these guys had found a  way to evoke musically the feelings of joy, adventure, wonder, loss and  peace that a reading of the &quot;Rings&quot; trilogy did - what an amazing  feat.  I listen to the album today, and it remains as fresh to me now as it  did those many years ago. It also reminds me that imagination is a powerful  tool and needs to be exercised regularly - this album is like a  &quot;NordicTrak for the Imagination&quot; Thanks for the incredible  journey guys!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000071KW', u"Tony Levin is one of rock's greatest living bass players. On this record,  he collaborates with musicians from around the world, showcasing his  ability to blend with other musical styles while still making musical  statements of his own. He also plays a lot of Stick, the electronic  guitar/bass hybrid he made famous.Many of the musicians Levin plays with  are  people he got to know through his work with Peter Gabriel. So there is  a real &quot;world music&quot; vibe to this instrumental record. It's one  of those rare albums that is intellectually and artistically challenging,  yet does not punish the listener. It is warm, cerebral, and  pleasurable.  It will appeal to listeners of all genres, and really open their minds and  ears."))
(5.0, (u'B00000760E', u"The first release of these two former members of Prince's band The  Revolution ( before he was known as +o-&gt; ) was a musical disappointment.  Their second release was a vast improvement as they began to find their  collective voice.  &quot;Eroica&quot; is a funky, rocking, musical gem.  It  was originally released in 1990 and holds up as if it were recorded today.  There is no denying Wendy Melvoin (guitars and lead vocals) and Lisa  Coleman (keyboards and backing vocals) have picked up some of that  Minneapolis/Prince vibe.  But it is also clear that they have their own  sound--more melodic and edgy all at once. Within the first three tracks  they brilliantly attack three different styles and sounds, and yet manage  to sound like the same band. They play with and develop musical and lyrical  textures in a way that sets them apart from the numerous video-clone bands.  It's funk, it's rock, it's soul it's alternative.  It's the jam. For those  who enjoy music that defies the standard radio/MTV classifications, get  this disk.  This is a great &quot;headphone&quot; album--but not in that  Pink Floyd kinda way.  The simple yet rich production is as integral to the  recording as the intrumentation and vocals. Slip it in your CD player and  crank up the volume. It sounds good loud."))
(5.0, (u'B000004BTG', u"Once again the team of Vocalist/Guitarist Grace Griffith and  Fiddler/Arranger Cathy Palmer, who call their group &quot;Connemara&quot;  has produced an awe inspiring recording with their latest (1995) recording  &quot;Siren Song.&quot; Grace and Cathy are once again joined by Zan  Mcleod, and also Harpists Sue Richards, Julia Lane, Carol Thompson and Mary  Fitzgerald. Other musicians of note here are box player Billy McComiskey  and hammered dulcimer player Jody Marshall, and more. Together these fine  musicians have produced a rare pearl (Pun intened!) of an album. At once it  transports you to the foggy mists and seascapes of the Brittish Isles. You  will vision Sea spray, and foam and feel the gentle rocking of the boat  when your feet are not moving to the lively jigs and reels. There have been  many Celtic based recordings made with the theme of &quot;The Celtic  Sea&quot;, but not many as effective and beautiful as this recording. The  album opens with the gourgeous instumental &quot;The Song of the Seals/The  Song of the Water Kelpie&quot;, the first piece an ancient Scottish air and  the second being one of the most beautiful examples of tradtional Manx folk  music. All of the instrumentals on this album evoke a calming and healing  &quot;Sea Mood&quot;, and will transport you to another time and place, if  you allow it. Other instrumentals to note are &quot;Sea Moods/Rowing from  Isla to Uist&quot;, which makes you feel as if you were on a fishing boat,  Peter Jungs' &quot;Far Away/Sea and Sky&quot;, and Harpist Sylvia Woods'  &quot;Dialogue with a Brook.&quot; Cathy Palmers' arrangements here hit the  mark, and her shining moment comes at the end of the album with her piece  &quot;The Storm Tossed Sea.&quot; Grace Griffith's lush, mystic and simply  outstanding vocals on the songs are the glue along with the great  instumentals that make &quot;Siren Song&quot; the gem that it is. Vocal  highlights include &quot;Dublin Lady&quot;, &quot;Sea Fever&quot; with the  beautiful instumental introduction &quot;Silent Star&quot;, by Executive  Producer Susan Maule, &quot;Sailing/Ships are Sailing&quot;, &quot;Ripples  in the Rockpools/Kiss of the Fiddle&quot;, &quot;Siren Song&quot;,  co-written by Grace &amp; Zan, and &quot;The Mermaid's Tale/The Mermaid's  Song&quot; inspired by the Tannahill Weavers. To sum this album up--you  quite simply cannot find a finer balance of songs and instruments about the  sea anywhere. Each album by &quot;Connemara&quot; gets better and better,  and one only hopes for something new from them soon, as previously  mentioned in my review of &quot;Beyond the Horizon&quot;, they are among  the best of the fairly unknown Celtic groups in America today.--do not  hesitate to pick up this album up if you are a lover of Celtic, World, New  Age or just heartfelt music-this certainly fits that billing."))
(5.0, (u'B0000014UI', u"These compositions are magnificent on many levels. Snuff Walden is one of  music's greatest composers. You wouldn't know his name, but you've most  certainly heard his music.  His credits include the incidental music for TV  shows such as Thirtysomething, The Wonder Years, and I'll Fly Away.  Walden  also plays all the guitar parts for his scores.  For The Stand mini-series  Stephen King approached Walden to do the music.  In that request King  wanted what he termed &quot;Blue Jean Music.&quot;  And that's exactly what  he got.  Each track on this CD invokes many emotions, from hope and  struggle to turmoil and simple pleasure.  The third track on the CD,  &quot;On the Road to Kansas,&quot; is Walden at his best, creating an  acoustic masterpiece.  One word that sums it up for me is  &quot;Tasty.&quot;  And this blend of acoustic work is what Snuff Walden is  best known for.  Equally impressive is the more rocky track, &quot;The  Trashman in Vegas.&quot;  Here Walden switches directions employing a  harder feel with a Mark Knopfler style of guitar playing.  His versatility  really shows, however, in the title track, where he uses a full orchestral  arrangement for the climax of the film. Many things are impressive about  this soundtrack. The mood, feel, and emotion created throughout this work  is an incredible achievement. Anyone listening to this entire CD would  swear that it was impossible for one guy to have written all the music on  this thing.  But that is what Snuff Walden is all about. Versatility and  sheer musicianship.  Someone needs to pull this guy aside and ask him to  come out with a Snuff Walden instrumental CD of material independent to  that of a TV show or movie.  When The Stand originally aired I watched the  whole thing, but throughout what really knocked me out was the music. I was  unable to find the CD until about four months ago. I own a retail  electronics store in New Hampshire and from time to time I throw The Stand  soundtrack in the CD player and run it through one of the higher end home  theater systems on display. Every time I play it during store hours someone  will eventually come in, hear the music, and say something along the lines  of, &quot;What is that CD?  Can I buy it from you? It's really great!&quot;  Of course I tell them what it is and where on the internet to find it, and  although I have been offered twenty bucks in one case for my copy, I  wouldn't part with it.  Tasty!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002GVO', u"HOTEL CALIFORNIA (1976) not only is notable as the Eagles' most mature and  consistent album, but also for the vocal tour-de-force turned in by drummer  Don Henley. With this effort the group ceased to be a machine for grinding  out compilations of would-be singles, as their previous albums had been  (with the notable exception of their cowboy-flavored second LP, 1973's  DESPERADO), and became the purveyors of some of the most accessible and  timeless rock (and ballads) of their era.  &quot;Wasted Time&quot;,  &quot;The Last Resort&quot; (both essentially solo performances), and the  title cut afforded Henley the opportunity to step into the spotlight as  never before, and he didn't fumble his chance.  Until this album he and  Glen Frey had basically split lead vocal chores, but 22 years later it is  Henley who is the one most often remembered as the band's lead singer, and  with good reason.  His singing on the above tracks as well as  &quot;Victim  of Love&quot; and &quot;Life In The Fast Lane&quot;, while versatile, is  also powerfully focused.  No question, HOTEL CALIFORNIA served notice that  Don Henley would soon be a force to be reckoned with as a solo artist. Far  from being anyone's individual vehicle, though, this was a band with  excellent musicians in it, as well - and never shown to better advantage  than on HOTEL CALIFORNIA.  Don Felder and Joe Walsh's dueling yet  complementary guitars on &quot;Try And Love Again&quot; can still bring a  tear to one's eye, and Walsh's plaintive, stately piano on &quot;Pretty  Maids All In A Row&quot; adds just the right punctuation mark to his  signature caterwauling (in contrast to the band's haunting, seemless  harmonies behind him). And Frey shouldn't be overlooked, either - his (and  the group's) perfect-to-the-note rendition of &quot;New Kid In Town&quot;  manages to wring out just the right portions of irony and wry humor. Sadly,  HOTEL CALIFORNIA was to be the Eagles' next-to-last album, and what's that  about all good things coming to an end?  It is, after all, fortunate that  Don Henley went on to a long and productive solo career. It's also a good  thing Hell froze over."))
(5.0, (u'B0000029PE', u"Hello everyone, I have a reccomendation...........  BUY &quot;THE  ANTIPHONAL MUSIC OF GABRIELI&quot;...... Recorded in 1959 and 1968 with the  Philadelphia Brass Ensemble, The Cleveland Brass Ensemble, and the Chicago  Brass ensemble... all playing together, guess who the horn players are?  Mason Jones, Dale Clevenger, and Myron Bloom.  This recording is simply  incredible... it is a MUST buy for everyone, I have never heard such fine  brass playing, the unity and sense of ensemble is incredible, and the  musicality is amazing.  It is even incredible that somehow they got all of  the legends from Chicago, Cleveland, and Philadelphia together to make this  recording back then....anyways.. this is definetely a must hear, it's  probably the best CD I have added to my collection.  The CD is digitally  remastered by Sony... providing a rather unique surround sound... the  different ensembles come in through different sides of your headset or  speakers as you would hear them if you were at the live performance... its  truly amazing.... BUY IT!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002B08', u"The 1973 classic CRAZY EYES was founding member Richie Furay's last album  with Poco. But while his mood is somewhat somber on both the title song and  Gram Parsons' haunting &quot;Brass Buttons&quot;, the other four  bandmembers harmonize superbly, play as well as ever (especially the  amazingly versatile Rusty Young), and otherwise seem not at all bothered by  the impending split.  Standout tracks include &quot;Here We Go  Again&quot;, Tim Schmit's look at ill fated, symbiotic romance; Paul  Cotton's environmentally cryptic &quot;Blue Water&quot;, and Young's  &quot;Fool's Gold&quot;, which is rivaled in quality among Poco's legendary  hillbilly-style thigh-slappers only by &quot;Rocky Mountain Breakdown&quot;  off perhaps the group's most underrated effort, 1974's SEVEN. And as usual,  Cotton ably carries the responsibility of showcasing some no-frills  western-style rock with &quot;A Right Along&quot;, as well as doing ballad  honors on J.J.Cale's lush,languid &quot;Magnolia&quot;.  However,  even as I recognize fully the talented artists who remained in the band, it  must be honestly noted that Poco, even though they produced several  excellent albums after CRAZY EYES, was never really the same group after  Furay left.  Songs like &quot;Let's Dance Tonight&quot; and the panoramic  title tune cement Furay's irreplaceable value as the band's best  &quot;chemist&quot; when it came to consistently pleasing the tastebuds of  country-rock fans who came of age in the 1970s.  All things being equal,  if you've only heard OF Poco but never actually HEARD them, This is  definitely the CD to start with.  CRAZY EYES is Poco's very best album -  straight up!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003CKH', u"I first got the cd from an ex-girlfriend who thought I might like the  esoteric &lt;hey how often do I get to use That word&gt; cd.  Of course  after 'Frank Sinatra' how could I not fall in love?  Anyway as time passed  I listened to the cd far too much and it became scratched beyond  listenability.  So I came to Amazon to get a new one and thought I would  add a review.  Like someone else said I am a very Cheap m/f.  But here I am  to buy a cd I already own just so I can get a non-skipping version.  This  cd is just that good."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SPK', u"This is the second CD released by Rees Shad under the Sweetfish Records  label.  The music is based on a short story revolving around the lives of  three boys who are envolved in the accidental killing of a friend.The  short story is actually packaged with the CD, and the art work is superb.  The music is folk based with some addicting hooks that you just can't get  out of your head.  I listened to the complete CD 2 or 3 times before  reading the prose; and this sequence worked for me.Every song on this CD  stands on its own merit, but when the whole CD is taken in context it is  just one awesome piece of work.  The recording on this CD is superb with  just the right mix of vocals, instruments, and animal life!Upstate New  York has produced a winner, and I would highly recommend &quot;The Riggley  Road Stories&quot; to anyone who enjoys folk rock music."))
(5.0, (u'B000006B88', u"First of all, if you don't know the Fall, you don't know Rock music. The  Fall have well over 30 albums in print - they release an average of two a  year, and they seldom repeat much in the way of material. Yes they are a  recognizable style. Mark E. Smith's vocals are not much in the way of  singing, in fact, he's been said to be tone deaf, but his word barrage is  unique. This is not a soundtrack for your life, this is music that demands  your attention and in its rather blasphemous way it can twist your  thoughts.  The Fall, have always smirked at high production, and opt  usually for a very low tech sound quality.  When you hear the fall, you  really hear a band, not a studio overdub of what some producer hopes you'll  buy.  They have never sold out!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006TG7', u"Released in Australia in 1977, this is for sure the best album the guys  from downunder ever did! From Rhythm'n Blues ballads (Crabsody in blue - my  alltime favourite song, why was it actually left out on the international  release????) to good 'ole Rock'n'Roll classics (Whole lotta Rosie) - what a  mix. And &quot;Hell ain't a bad place to be&quot; ... Bon, we miss you  buddy!The titles: *** Go down * Dog eat dog * Let there be Rock * Bad  boy Boogie * Overdose * Crabsody in blue * Hell ain't a bad place to be *  Whole lotta Rosie ***"))
(5.0, (u'B000009NJA', u"As much as I loved &quot;Space Ghost's Musical Barbeque&quot;, I'd have to  say that &quot;Space Ghost's Surf &amp; Turf&quot; is even better!  Brak  fans are in for a real treat, as this CD includes many hilarious,  nonsensical songs and sketches by the incredibly stupid yet lovable space  pirate.  My personal favorites are &quot;Bad Bug&quot; (Zorak's version of  the COPS theme song), &quot;Highway 40 Revisited&quot; , and &quot;Baloney  Sandwich&quot;. Just try to keep a straight face when Brak starts telling  jokes!  Even those of you who have never watched Cartoon Planet will  enjoy this CD for its sheer foolishness.  To the uninitiated, the songs may  at first seem totally pointless and ridiculous.  However, that's part of  the Cartoon Planet traditon, and you'll end up loving it!  Worth every  penny :) !!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007303', u'This recording is early, experimental Popol Vuh, and it holds up  beautifully -- in fact listening to it now, eighteen years or so since I  heard it for the first time, it clearly anticipates New Age music by a  decade or better.This is &quot;seminal work&quot; in a very real  sense, and should be purchased by people interested in adding  &quot;depth&quot; to their appreciation of TDream, Deuter, and of course  Popol Vuh.The music is mostly acoustic and electronic keyboard with  sound effects used for punctuation and musical value.  It is overall very  contemporary in tone and vaguely tropical in feeling.This reissue of  the original 1971 release comes with a bonus track, In den garten Pharaos.  Tracks are:  Ich mache einen spiegel - dream part 4; Ich mache einen  spiegel - dream part 5; Ich mache einen spiegel - dream part 49;  Affenstunde; and In den garten pharaos.  Total CD time 57:12.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000AGAY', u"This is the first Marilyn Manson album I have ever bought. Although I  haven't been too impressed by his past recordings, I am truly a fan now.  This album is incredible, to say the least. After hearing &quot;Dope  Show,&quot; I was wonderfully taken by its Bowie-like styling, reminding me  of the Bowie I grew up on (others have commented the same). But  &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; is not a crass ripoff; it's a deep,  texturized homage, if you will, to what made Bowie so unique and stellar in  the 70's. Mostly, it reminds me of &quot;Diamond Dogs,&quot; with its  surreal future society concept and trippy, echoey sound. Manson is writing  about the state of being with the rich &amp; infamous in LA, which is  surreal in itself, and at times it's a lethal indictment of the rock'n'roll  lifestyle: &quot;User friendly f***ing dopestar obscene /will you die when  you're high&quot; from &quot;User Friendly&quot; which is, to me, a valid  question to the excesses that that lifestyle can offer. Although the title  &quot;I Don't Like The Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me) sounds like advocation  for abuse, it's really metaphoric and deals with the hollowness of  &quot;normal,&quot; milquetoast, Kathie Lee Gifford-like existence that  breeds conformity and non-individualism. My only criticism of this album is  in this song; my guitar god Dave Navarro has a barely audible solo at the  end. Should have been prominently featured. My favorites are &quot;I Want  To Disappear&quot; and &quot;New Model No. 15&quot; which totally, flat out  rocks. All the songs are hard rocking, somewhat metal, but there's such  movement to them that I can't compare it to today's dinosaur-rock  throwbacks like Metallica. It's more like Nine Inch Nails, carrying on the  Bowie comparisons. It's just like when I was a wee square peg in this round  hole world wallowing in a sea of Led Zeppelin and Foghat when I was 'saved'  by Ziggy Stardust. Marilyn has made it all fresh, original, timely, and  totally his own. This won't be out of my CD player anytime soon. Hope the  neighborhood doesn't mind too much."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AGAY', u"Marilyn has done it again. Using intelligence, creativity, and a lot of  musical talent, the band has come up with yet another awesome and inspiring  album. I'm sure many would disagree about the inspiring part, but you  really have to understand the music and the message he is trying to get  across. Anyway, Manson has gone more towards the rock n' roll side of music  then the electronic/industrial/shock rock side as he has done on his  previous hit, Antichrist Superstar. The guitars and drums sound great, and  so do the synthesizers and keyboards. I'd recommend it to any MM fan or  just about any hardcore rock fan."))
(5.0, (u'B0000013PF', u"In December of 1975 I bought a ticket on the spur of the moment for a  recital at Alice Tully Hall by a Turkish pianist who was then completely  unknown to me named Idil Biret. It was one of those memorable experiences  in which you realize that you are in the presence of something  extraordinary.  After amazing performances of the Beethoven c-minor  variations and Ravel's Gaspard de la Nuit and some other things, she  played, as an encore, the Rachmaninov G-minor Prelude (#5 in the Op. 23  set), and I nearly fell out of my seat with astonishment.  The performance  was on a huge scale.  One felt the motion of armies across the steppes of  Russia.  And yet the playing was at the same time absolutely transparent.  Most of all, her playing had an extraordinary inevitability about it.  She  conveyed the sense that she had the last note of the piece already in mind  when she sounded the first.The only significant flaw in Idil Biret's  playing when I heard her in the mid-seventies was a tendency to a somewhat  harsh sound.  It is a great pleasure to report that this is no longer  audible in her Naxos recordings of the last decade.  In fact the sound on  this recording is quite beautiful and rich -- much better than you would  expect on a budget label.  Altogether this is an amazing record.  Easily  the best performance I know of these pieces.  And Biret's recordings of  Brahms and Chopin are equally good.Idil Biret started out in life as a  celebrated child prodigy.  Her fame as an adult has never quite equalled  what she experienced as a child.  But in my opinion the quality of her  playing has in fact fully realized the early promise and it is a shame that  she is not generally recognized as what she truly is: one of the world's  greatest living musicians.Lancelot Fletcher"))
(5.0, (u'B0000024R8', u"Dylan's first album is a jewel. This  is Dylan singing Americana - from  the blusey &quot;Baby, Let me take you  down&quot; through his &quot;House  of the  Risin' Sun&quot; to the witty talkin'  blues &quot;Talkin' New  York&quot; and  finishing with &quot;See that my Grave is  kept clean&quot;  Dylan shows that he was  in line to inherit the world of  Woody Guthrie.  His touching &quot;Song  to Woody&quot; makes this album worth the  money  spent, alone.  This is Dylan  singing not songs but the poetry of  America,  some his and some borrowed,  branded with his unique style that  has been  copied but never matched."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GI9', u"vesta williams is one of the most talented singers of our time and, yet,  she never receives the credit she deserves. her impressive range and  soul-bearing delivery put her in a class with artists such as chaka khan  and cheryl &quot;pepsii&quot; riley. from sassy, uptempo numbers like  &quot;hearsay&quot; to slow, sultry ballads like &quot;hunger&quot;, vesta  proves that she's got what it takes. &quot;running into memories&quot; and  &quot;congratulations&quot; will strike a chord with anybody who has ever  let that special someone slip through their fingers.  be sure to check out  vesta's new album, &quot;relationships&quot;, on sale now. vesta's back...and  this time it's personal."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EMX', u"I've heard David in person on several occasions, and he's so fine.  Both  CD's show off his versatility and style.  On YESTERDAY IS NOW, I  particularly enjoy ALEXANDER'S RAGTIME BAND, and knowing the story behind  ON SUCH A NIGHT AS THIS makes it even more enjoyable.  David  &quot;borrowed&quot; the song from Michael Feinstein, and wound up winning  a trip to New York with a Master's Class with it.  When he sang it in New  York, Feinstein was in the audience, and went backstage after the concert  to ask where David got the song.  David acknowledged &quot;borrowing&quot;  it from him, and they became fast friends.  David went on to become the  youngest star to open at RAINBOW &amp; STARS in New York City."))
(5.0, (u'B000001BZA', u"This Mexican pops stars shows that he is the best of the best with  &quot;Mis Mejores Momentos&quot;.  The beauty of his greatest hits comes  alive when put all together on this album. Cristian Shows the world he can  be versatile  as he sings jazz, pop,  and rock with an incredible voice.  After hearing this greatest hits album , you'll know why he was nominated  twice for a grammy for &quot;best latin pop performance&quot; and  was  selected to star in Disney's smash movie Mulan (en espanol).  This album will make you sing as well as touch you with its fulfulling  poetry and feeling."))
(5.0, (u'B000002SMW', u"Sarah Brightman sings 14 of the most romantic songs ever compiled in one  CD. Andreas Bocelli's &quot;Romantz&quot; CD runs a distant second to  Sarah's. Both Andreas and Sarah are featured in the title song &quot;time  to say goodby.&quot; Reversing roles from the &quot;Romantz&quot; CD in  which the title song is sung , Sarah takes the lead with Andreas providing  background. Most of the selections are in Italian. There are two other  duets, both with Jose Cura that make you think that they are singing to one  another rather than singing notes on a page. The CD is evenly cut offering  a balance of volume, tempo and style suitable for those late night romantic  evenings. Close your eyes and turn off the lights for about 60 minutes of  enjoyment."))
(5.0, (u'B000007TGF', u'Boud Deun\'s first record on Cuneiform is somewhat of a suprise,  considering that it draws heavily from the innovations and spirit of music  made 20+ years ago, especially Mahavishnu Orchestra and King Crimson, that  rarely is matched in quality and originality, and it actually does offer a  really fresh twist on these inspirations that, for all practical purposes,  also comes close enough to matching their level of excellence.  This is  really exciting, intense, constantly shifting,  instrumental music drenched  with rich and wonderful melodies and harmonies and performed on guitar,  violin, bass and drums. After dozens of listens to this over the past 1.5  years or so, i\'m convinced this is one the top 20 instrumental rock records. The music is VERY high-energy and sometimes frenetic, perhaps  even draining, but this is a rare delight considering that this intensity  is combined with very sophisticated arrangements and very inventive themes.  The bass player goes well beyond the normal background role of rock bass  playing to add very interesting melodic and textural elements. The  guitarist is simply AMAZING--his tone is varied and unique, although one is  often reminded of Robert Fripp, and he constantly changes approaches during  the pieces to make them riveting and sometimes unpredictable. I would  recommend this disc to guitarists just to hear his incredible ideas and  playing. This guy goes way beyond just playing solos or rhythmic  accompanient, although his playing is NOT "avant-garde", in the  sense of Derek Bailey, Fred Frith, etc.. Sometimes the group show a  Southern US folk influence in the melodies, not suprising since they are  from Virginia, that one might also associate with the Dixie Dregs. This  disc is full of extremely original and well-crafted music, and is essential  for fans of complex instrumental rock music.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000007VS', u"At 76:31, this is the single best value for Popol Vuh fans you will find  anywhere.  It reproduces, apparently in entirety, two Popol Vuh albums,  Tantric Songs (also Die Nacht der seele) and Hosianna Mantra.The tantric  songs are fairly short pieces that present a variety of meditative  environments.  I can't speak to any technical details that they may embody,  not being a practitioner of tantric yoga.  Called songs, the vocals are by  and large wordless tones or chants with the punctuation of electronic  keyboard music and effects.Having just listened to Die nacht der seele  and this CD back-to-back I am fairly sure that the same material is on both  CDs, and would therefore advise against purchasing the former separately  (unless like me you gotta have it all).There are several &quot;musical  references&quot; to music contained on other albums, most notably the  Nosferatu soundtrack albums (the title track of the Bruder des schattens is  quoted in its entirety).  If you like this stuff as much as I do the  quoting won't bother you.  If you don't you won't find so much of it that  you may not be as satisfied..To date, as far as I know, Hosianna Mantra  has not been separately released on CD, and so this is the only place you  can get that material.  Hosianna Mantra contains a higher content of female  vocals and actual sung words than other Popol Vuh albums -- more like their  Seligpreisung, Sei Stille, Hohenlied Salamos, and Einsjager albums than the  soundtrack albums and related material.It's good stuff.  It's rather  light, for Popol Vuh, in a sense that a room in a house in the mountains  with east-facing windows might be bright on a winter's morning.  The  Hosianna Mantra material may lack the deep grounding sound of the Tantric  Songs and other material but certainly represents an interesting aspect of  the group's music.Details:  Tracks are Mantra of the touching of the  heart; Mantra of the touching of the earth; Angel of the Air part 1; Angel  of the Air part 2; In the realm of shadow; Wanderer through the night;  Listen he who ventures; Brothers of darkness -- sons of light; Ah!; Kyrie;  Hosianna-Mantra; Departure; Blessing; Devotion 1; Not High in Heaven; and  Devotion II, for a total time of 76:31."))
(5.0, (u'B0000007VV', u"This CD was one of the first Popol Vuh albums to be released from LP to  CD, and as such it represents a real value for Popol Vuh fans.  It contains  the bulk of two releases:  the soundtrack to Aguirre, Der Zorn Gottes; and  the odd two-disk LP In den gartens Pharao.You get 64:40 of killer Popol  Vuh on this CD!  The trade-off, on the other hand, is that it may duplicate  material on other Popol Vuh CDs that you already have.  This is a pretty  consistent feature with Popol Vuh and may not be a real drawback for those  of us who have to have everything, I mean everything, that Popol Vuh ever  recorded.Details:  The first track is Aguirre, which reproduces the  track Aguirre I on the soundtrack album.  The second track, In the gardens  of Pharao, is also on the CD release of Affenstunde.  According to the  (excellent) liner notes for Affenstunde, In den garten Pharaos was Popol  Vuh's second album; the benefit that this CD has over Affenstunde is that  it also contains -- track 3 -- the &quot;B&quot; side of the album  originally released as In den garten Pharaos, a piece called Vuh.Vuh is  kind of an unusual piece for Popol Vuh:  rather than focusing on electronic  keyboards and synthesized or organic (!) vocals in the manner of many Popol  Vuh pieces the feature instrument is an organ (and a beautifully voiced  organ it is).  This is a long (19:51) piece that, while the scoring is  different, does what the best of Popol Vuh always does:  opens the door  through the wall of mortality into the pathway of the infinite.  This is  meditation music par excellence.  It's always been a wonder to me that  &quot;new age&quot; music hasn't made a bigger name out of Popol Vuh than  it has:  since Popol Vuh has been &quot;out there&quot; since the  beginning.The final tracks of the album are Spirit of Peace 1, 2, and  three, familiar from the Aguirre soundtrack.So:  In this CD you get all  of In den garten Pharaos and most of the Aguirre soundtrack.  If you want  more of the floating-down-the-river-going-insane music of Aguirre you can  get it in the Aguirre soundtrack, which has in addition several pieces  (Morgengruss II, Agnus Dei, and Vergegenwaertitung) which are not here; but  you get a healthy chunk of the Aguirre soundtrack."))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADGG', u'This is the music of my childhood listening to my grandfather and his  friends on warm summer evenings play on battered instruments, some as old  as they,  the music of their youth; cigarette smoke hanging still over the  group, a bottle of tequila passing from lip to lip.Then, in my teenage  know-it-all, I sometimes cringed and whinced at the aged men playing  &quot;that Mexican Revolution stuff,&quot; now I weep at the lost time,  hoping to hear, to FEEL that music again.  And here it is.Freddie Fender  has never sounded better (I swear I hear my grandfather in his voice),  Flaco Jimenez has never played sweeter, Joe Ely never sounded as soulful.  The same holds true for Ruben Ramos and Rick Trevino.  The men from Los  Lobos, David Hidalgo and Cesar Ramos never more beautiful and  passionate.This collection of traditional pieces from South of the  border, coupled with original songs from the various Super Seven, will have  you tapping your feet, smiling, wondering where you heard that one before  and yes, crying.This collection would make my beloved ancestors holler  and sing, and play till the morning comes.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000AG8V', u"Bathhouse Betty is Bette Midler at her best. We get the same sassy flavor  we have come to love, plus heart warming ballads, and of course Midler  trying out some new tunes like always.  The album opens strong with  Song of Bernadette, which has a misleading title and turns out ot be one of  the albums most crushing ballads.  Followed immediately by sassy I'm  Beautiful (Dammit), which gives us classic Midler humor. Then there are  some old faves sung with new style, particularly the up tempo Ukulele Lady,  and the sad slow Lullaby in Blue.  Most of the album is very  reminiscent of Midler in concert, until the real treats at the end.  My  One True Friend (from One True Thing) is hauntingly like Wind Beneath My  Wings. It could very well be a planned sequel to the definitive Bette song.  And not to be outdone, That's How Love Moves is certainly the sequel  to The Rose. And both songs soar with Bette's crystal vocals and unbeatable  style.  This album is Midler at her best. From her Jazz run throughs,  to her concert familiars, to the new ballads that are sure to be classic,  the album is a work of art from start to finish.  Bathhouse Betty might  have only one flaw, and that would be that it ends to soon. Two thumbs way  up."))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q96', u"I like this album so much, I thought I'd review it a second time.  Hated  in the Nation has some real rockin' tunes, some funny-ass quotes from the  movie, and not to forget, GG Allin sticking a banana up some guy's rectum  and then eating it.Boy, oh boy, you just don't get entertainment like  this unless, of course, it's in the form of a Troma movie.  Also, you  should buy Tromeo and Juliet, it's got Brujeria on the soundtrack, another  great band.Anywoo chief, you should buy this album.  It's a whole other  world of punk rock, to say the very, very least.  Hail Crassus."))
(5.0, (u'B000004AY1', u"This disc is unreal!  Where do these guys get their sounds!?  The  arrangements, production and lush mixes are incredible.  I notice something  new with every listen: a sound, an effect, a percussion track, an  otherworldly pedal tone in the back.  This disc will not come out of your  CD player, and will grow in you like an alien implant - eventually  comsuming your entire being.  A surreal work of art set over brutally  invasive beats of titanium with a sci-fi backdrop - throw it on at any rave  and watch what happens!  Merv and Joie are extremely talented individuals,  and it shows on this one!  A masterpiece of technological music that will  abduct you, violate you with probes and strange instruments, move your body  in ways you'd never know, and return you to your world an enhanced, hybrid  being!"))
(5.0, (u'B000004CVW', u"Music from Peter Greenaway's films is the subject of this release.  All of  the works were newly recorded in 1992, often in strikingly different  arrangements from their soundtrack counterparts.  There is a completely new  section in the Purcell-inspired &quot;Chasing Sheep is Best Left to  Shepherds,&quot; and &quot;An Eye for Optical Theory,&quot; has gone from  pulsating clarinet-based drawing music to a choreography upbeat tune, with  the clarinet part shifted to saxophone, and the saxophone part shifted to  piano.  The saxophone makes much greater appearance on the album than on  the soundtrack versions, replacing the violin melody on &quot;Time  Lapse.&quot;  &quot;Miranda&quot; has the violin and viola parts done by  soprano and mezzo-soprano vocalists.  The major casualty of the disc is  &quot;Water Dances.&quot;  It includes &quot;Gliding,&quot; rather than  &quot;Stroking,&quot; as it indicates, and the sax blares over everything,  particularly the strong brass section near the beginning of  &quot;Synchronizing.&quot;  But perhaps that's merely a matter of taste.  Not a replacement for the original soundtracks, but as essential to any  music library as the title suggests."))
(5.0, (u'B0000024Z9', u"It is difficult to find this sort of music around nowadays, in the light  of new sensitivities. Most of this is goodly music, melodic and by turns  bouncy stuff. This I found boring. I HEARTILY endorse, however, two of the  tracks, &quot;Freakin'at the Freaker's Ball&quot; and &quot;Rocks  off&quot;. People, LISTEN to these, and you will find that they say it all.  For some of us at least.  These are GUARANTEED to offend The Pure, the  Modest and other folks descibed as &quot;jus'plain boring&quot;. It is for  this reason that I find them such an inspiration. I would like to shake  these artists by the hand. Dr. Hook will always be, for me, a worthwhile  role model! Remember, Baby, &quot;You're invited, one an'all!&quot;. Be  Happy!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001FIH', u'There are several recordings in each decade which transcend popular  culture and, in turn, shape the future direction of music.  Timeless is  truly a breakthrough album that will never be matched or duplicated - by  Goldie or anyone else.I was first exposed to Inner City Life (the title  cut on Timeless) as part of the MTV AMP series.  It was AMP\'s first year  and their material was truly groundbreaking work for the mid 90\'s in  America.  In Europe, Electronica was firing headstrong into the mainstream  while we were sitting back here listening to Nirvana re-treads.2:00 am  on Saturday nights brought us a glimpse of what MTV could really be if it  weren\'t stifled by our beloved capitalist marketing machine.  The videos  were dashing eye candy with soundtracks filled with lush soundscapes.  Goldie\'s video was strong but not arresting like some of the other videos  from Cold Cut, Orbital and Portishead.  I loved the show and bought the  album.In listening to AMP over and over again, Inner city Life stood out  and so off to Best Buy to find Goldie.  The first time I slipped it into  the player I was overwhelmed.  Timeless was amazing. . .in a different  league than the prodigy of the moment - Moby.  I asked myself why I had  been listening to all this other electronic crap when there was Goldie.I  searched for other Goldie albums but to no avail . . . there were none.  I  waited and waited and waited for the "new" album.  Saturnzreturn came and I  was horrified to hear KRS-One, the godfather of Gangster Rap listening to  his 9mm go bang to the beats of Goldie.  Was this a joke????  KRS-One was  good in the 80\'s but the time machine trick didn\'t work for this one.  The  other tracks didn\'t have the fire that burned in Timeless.  In short,  Saturnzreturn sucks!So now I\'m forced to keep the faith by vicariously  listening to Timeless over and over again.  Prodigy, Josh Wink, and  Roni-Size can only dream of making an album like Timeless.  And so we will  all be forced to press on, knowing that Goldie is a music god, if for only  one timeless night.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002BTU', u"It's not often that a band this talented comes down the pike. Not only are  the songs exctitng and provocative, Jason Narducy's voice really grabs the  listener. Produced by Bob Mould, the album certainly shows his influence.  One can also hear a wide range of influences including the Beatles, the  Police, Off broadway, Cheap Trick and the Who. That's on the rock side. The  other side, the classical artisits are also represented as a key part of  the band's music is the cello playing of Alison Chesley. The use of the  cello with the rock guitar is riveting on some of the songs --  &quot;Sugarcone&quot; and &quot;Down the Gun&quot; for example. The band  has a unique challenge to an audience --try to label the band. It can play  hard rock like &quot; Fan Club&quot; and &quot; Chronicles of Agent  Kidd&quot; and then it can turn right around and play simple elegant  ballads like &quot; Slumbering Blue&quot; or &quot; Distance Between  Us&quot;. But no matter what you label the band, this album shows the range  of a very talented group of musicians starting out on the road to success."))
(5.0, (u'B000003XVE', u"This was Pamela Decker's first CD, and it's the CD that made me fall in  love with her playing, and with the Bach &quot;Great&quot; Prelude and  Fugue in D (BWV 532). Her tempo with the Bach is a tad fast, compared to  some, but this turns the relatively dry acoustic of the Pacific Union  College Church into an advantage, and highlights the work's playful sense  of fun. The Krebs is rather relaxing; the Mendelssohn is appropriately  exciting. Dr. Decker's own &quot;Passacaglia,&quot; her first published  work, begins with a gentle introduction that helps ease one into the modal  nonatonic mode she used for it, then builds to a very turbulent climax, and  a deeply satisfying resolution. With the lovely &quot;Prelude and Double  Fugue&quot; by Litaize, we get some quiet, contemplative relaxation after  the storms of the Passacaglia; the Litaize &quot;Finale&quot; puts a nice  end to one of my favorite recordings."))
(5.0, (u'B000005J56', u"Slide guitar virtuoso, Ry Cooder, has always been a proponent of rhythm.  Whether turning a Johnny Cash song into zydeco, toting his instrument into  the sleezy girly clubs of Paris, Texas, or revisiting the famous  &quot;crossroads,&quot; where blues-legend Robert Johnson made his pact  with the devil, the man-from-all-regions always told the story with a  groove to show for it.Cooder's mere presence in Cuba now brings validity  to the island's rich, musical culture.  Those way north of the border have  now caught the spicy flavor and charm of syncopation supremo, inviting the  Social Club to perform at New York's Carnegie Hall.&quot;In Cuba, the  music flows like a river,&quot; says Cooder.  &quot;It takes care of you  and rebuilds you from the inside out.&quot;  In a country that attributes  your status by the amount of chrome still hanging on your Chevy, Cooder and  friends fill the side streets with an invigorating sampling of son, danzon,  guajira, and bolero.  This is music that is cool in spite of the climate in  which it was born.There isn't any documentary video to accompany us on  the tour, but the zesty atmosphere of the recording will have you painting  portraits just the same.  You're likely to see yourself stepping into an  alley bar for camaraderie among the working class, a partaking of the  ardent spirits, viewing seductive senioritas lining the doorways, and  inhaling tobacco-thick humidity being swirled by the ceiling fans and the  distinctive Buena Vista Social Club that embraces it all.Order me a  bloody mary and a celery stalk.  Celebrate!!  These passionate troubadours  have won the West with an invigorating stamp of approval.  So let the  spirits that guard the prestigious Carnegie Hall pay attention.  Here is  rhythm, and it has a groove."))
(5.0, (u'B000000GS5', u'From their roots as Crawlspace practicing at the Wreck Room in Atlanta,  this band has matured and become one of the hottest and most talked about  metal bands to come on the scene in years.Start with searing lead  vocals, and in an incredibly heavy and tight drum and bass interaction, and  then throw in a dual-edged sonic guitar assualt, and you have one of the  strongest metal bands I have heard since Stuck Mojo and Rage Against The  Machine first came on the scene back in the early nineties.To see them  know touring around the world with metal heavyweight Ozzy Osbourne and  gaining fans at every show, it makes me proud to have seen them at their  start back in the glory days to the Wreck Room (since closed after being  sacrificed to the greed of the Olympics).This album is a must have for  any fan of solid, straight ahead metal.  If you enjoy Tool, Limp Bizkit,  Korn, or Rage Against the Machine, you will seriously enjoy Sevendust.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002KBT', u"At first listen one may think &quot;do these people know how to  play?&quot;  But like Gin, It's an acquired taste. This double album set  was a very influential work in it's time. The Capt. once said that he  wanted to be a sculpturer but his dad said he was not gonna let him go to  school with &quot;all of them queers.&quot;  But alas, he chops at his  music as though it were a chunk of stone, and the result is  unique and a  bit disturbing.  &quot;Orange Claw Hammer&quot; is a good example of this  that features the Capt. singing into what sounds like a dictaphone,  clicking on and off, as he appears to make up the lyrics as he goes.  Do  you like the taste of Gin?"))
(5.0, (u'B000006XF4', u"The result of a short-lived late 70's association with a major label,  reviewers at the time didn't give &quot;Shiny Beast&quot; a lot of  sympathy. Too bad, 'cause this is clearly one of the Captain's most  accessible albums, managing to be exquisitely tuneful while sacrificing  none of his unique brand of home-grown American Surrealism. It's also one  of the best incarnations of the Magic Band, mixing all of the threads  evident from &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot; on -- fast meter shifts,  slashing guitar, octave-spanning blues hollers, strange lyrics -- with the  tender, even (dare I say it?) mellow influences of Bruce Fowler's trombone  and Art Tripp's marimba. &quot;Owed T'Alex&quot; wonderfully evokes the San  Berdoo/Lancaster California desert Biker world the Captain grew up in,  while &quot;Suction Prints&quot; could have come straight off &quot;Trout  Mask&quot; (if that album had had better production). The title tune is  sheer over-the-top Beefheart madness, a blistering fever-dream of  environmental disaster that will leave welts on your mind. If you liked  &quot;Doc at the Radar Station&quot;, you _must_ have this."))
(5.0, (u'B000009CMH', u"Ginger Baker's Do What You Like is a new compilation and release of  material recorded and released in the years between 1969 and 1972.  A 2  disc set, it pulls together 4 long playing vinyl records, released  originally in 3 separate albums.  The first disc is Ginger Baker's  Airforce.  This 2 record set has been released on compact disc previously  but has been long out of print in this format and much sought after by  collectors. Captured live at the Royal Albert Hall in January of 1970,  Airforce was Baker's REALLY BIG band he formed after the short-lived Blind  Faith.  He essentially took Blind Faith, sans the little-known guitarist  Eric Clapton, and added some of the most talented musicians to ever come up  through the English music scene.  From Blind Faith came Steve Winwood and  Rick Grech.  From Traffic (along with Winwood) came Chris Wood.  Denny  Laine, who later joined Wings, takes over the guitar chores.  Names like  Graham Bond, Harold McNair, Phil Seamen add wonderful depth and capability.  The whole mix just steams and chugs along, driven by the incredible  drumming of Baker and Remi Kabaka.  It is also perhaps the first mix of  traditional African music into the rock and roll format--World Music before  there ever was such a thing.  The second disc is also a most pleasant  listen.  It takes Airforce, adds a few people, takes away a few people  (notably Winwood and Wood) and attempts to do in the studio what the  previous incarnation had done so remarkably on stage.  There are some  amazing cuts here--Let Me Ride and 12 Gates of the City being revelations  to these ears--and others that do not stand the test of time quite as well.  It is hard, however, not to just crank up the volume so that you can hear  EVERYTHING that is going on with this combo--the music is so dense.  Nice  versions of Cream's Sweet Wine and Sunshine of Your Love (the latter  never-before seeing the light of day until this release).  The remainder of  the disc is Baker's 1972 release Stratavarious.  Wow!!  Heavy African  influences, with absolutely amazing drumming.  This is the huge surprise of  this set.  I thought I knew Ginger Baker but this is just such a treat.  This entire set is essential if you are a fan of Cream or Blind Faith or  just enjoy the wonderful freedom that music had to explore in those halycon  days of yore before tightly-formatted playlists took over FM just they way  they had AM before that."))
(5.0, (u'B000009OBT', u"Most music I have seen pawned off as 'disco' was AM pop music and I never  listened to it.  54 Volumes 1 &amp; 2 really focus on what was being  played, something I referred to back then as 'heavy disco'.  And, it was  rarely on the radio except for special FM shows, but it was NEVER  mainstream Top40.  I never went to 54 back then but I did go to other large  discos in NYC and this soundtrack/compilation was the closest I have heard  to date that more accurately reflected the true disco sound, not the  'bubblegum' pop junk that has been passed off as 'disco' over the years.  I  consider Saturday Night Fever as the downturn of disco because of it's pop  sound; I was playing 'Disco Inferno' from that soundtrack 1 year before it  was 'discovered' and it was a hit at my disco.  Disco was never meant to be  POP music - it was pure, high energy danceable music without social or  political messages.  You want to hear more of what it was like, start with  54 Volumes 1 &amp; 2, it isn't perfect, but it is better than anything I  have seen/heard to date.  Another good soundtrack is &quot;Looking For Mr.  Goodbar&quot;, more funky than 54, but a good compilation of very early  disco if it is still available.  And if you really want the full impact,  get the full length versions of these tracks, they are starting to appear  and Amazon.com carries a very good selection."))
(5.0, (u'B000009PNP', u"For all those who question why, or are surprised that the music in the  trailers for this movie is not the same as the actual soundtrack - this has  been done for years.  Usually at the time a trailer is being put together  the soundtrack is not completely finished, so they will pick an old song or  songs from other soundtracks to put in the background of a new trailer.  The obvious moral of the story is don't buy a soundtrack based on anything  other than your enjoyment of that music while watching the actual movie,  NOT it's trailer.  Hope this helps everyone in the future!  In the mean  time, I loved this one!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000AFDV', u"vesta williams is back, after a five-year hiatus, with a new album that  showcases a more mature and sultry version of the diva than some of her  fans may be used to. songs like &quot;i'll be alright&quot; and  &quot;somebody for me&quot; seem more personal than her earlier work...almost  as if the listener has become privy to the intimate thoughts running  through the soulstresses mind. meanwhile, a stronger jazz influence on  songs like &quot;i have to&quot; and the stevie wonder-penned &quot;you and  i&quot; combine williams' chaka-like vocals with  dianne reeves-like riffs  that may finally earn her the recognition that she deserves. meanwhile,  &quot;who&quot; let's us know that vesta hasn't lost her street credibility  and may even draw in the aaliyah/nicole crowd, if they know what's good for  them. here's hoping that it won't be another five years before we're  treated to another sampling of this diva's talent but, if it is, we know it  will be well worth the wait."))
(5.0, (u'B0000071YW', u"There must have been something in the water supply in the early '70s that  enabled John Martyn, Van Morrison, the Stones, etc. to create an incredible  series of albums.  Then, just as suddenly and inexplicably, they all seemed  to have run aground. Martyn with INSIDEOUT, Morrison with HARD NOSE TO THE  HIGHWAY, and the Stones with GOAT'S HEAD SOUP. Martyn's problem seems to  have involved not only the standard 70s spiral into drugs and alcohol, but  a nearly fatal bout of Phil Collinsitus by way of Spinal Tap, MACH  2--freeform jazz experiment.  Martyn's voice, always his most expressive  instrument went noodling off through most of the 80s as he sank deeper and  deeper into synthesizers, drum machines, and Kenny-G jazz.  HOWEVER, there  was a time when Martyn stood amongst the British folk giants: Nick Drake  and Richard Thompson.  It is no surprise then that Drake is the inspiration  for the title track, a mournful eulogy Martyn wrote after his friend's  death, and Thompson accompanies on several tunes. If you are determined to  hear more of this potentially great singer/songwriter, the only other disc  to consider is BLESS THE WEATHER. Possibly the only performer alive today  who could be resurrected by means of the threadbare UNPLUGGED format."))
(5.0, (u'B000007NDA', u"When I first heard Gordon back in college in 1992, I couldn't believe that  the whole world hadn't jumped on the BNL bandwagon.  These guys are so  incredibly talented.  Now with Stunt I think they are finally getting the  recognition they deserve.  One Week, Never Is Enough, and Who Needs Sleep  remind me a lot of the fun, sing-a-long songs of their three previous CD's  while the other songs on the album show a new side to BNL.  Dare I say a  new musically mature side?  When all is said and done, I can tell that the  ride from the days of being a garage band to today has been a fun one - and  I hope the fun continues so they can keep on dazzeling us!  -Rebecca"))
(5.0, (u'B000005C45', u"If you want to understand where mainstream music has gone horribly wrong,  this is the disc to buy. It will change you forever and make you realize  that Hootie and the Blowfish ISN'T rock-n-roll.Let me just quote the  liner notes:  &quot;This recording is dedicated to the Flamin'Groovies,  Daddy Cool, Gene Vincent and his Blue Caps, Buddy Holly and the Crickets,  and the Holy Trilogy: Hank Williams, Chuck Berry, and The Ramones.&quot;Anyone who dedicates a disc to the Flamin' Groovies AND Hank Williams  (god rest his soul), much less, mentions them both in the same sentence, is  a'right by me! Need I say more?"))
(5.0, (u'B000000WHX', u'This album still sounds great to me after 7 years, and I have no doubt  will still sound fresh in another 7. Some truly outstanding tracks, and a  laid back style that many have tried to imitate but none pull off so well  as Massive [Attack]. Their later albums are more brooding, musically  complex and thoughtful, yet some of my favourite tracks  are on this album  (and well represented in their current live set I am happy to say). A great  album from one of my favourite bands - their other albums are equally good,  so be sure to check them out also.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002BRB', u"Okay. Skip past the New Age-y essays on love and its importance on our island Earth, a gift from Spirit, blah blah blah. If that outlook on life and love is your thing, you'll feel right at home. Some of the rest of us might want to just concentrate on the music.Musically &quot;The Unimaginable Life&quot; finds Loggins taking some of the biggest risks and chances of his already impressive career, and the results are glorious. &quot;I Am Not Hiding&quot; finds Kenny laying one of his jazz-inspired, lushly chorded songs over a deep, slow hip-hop rhythm. &quot;All I Ask&quot; and &quot;No Doubt About Love&quot; find him pairing up with Babyface, and each writer brings their finest points to the table to make some gorgeous, folky soul/pop. &quot;Now That I Know Love&quot; boasts another (yet distinguishable) hip-hop rhythm and backup help from the Winans for a truly spiritual soul experience. Then there's &quot;Love's Got Nothin to Prove,&quot; which is one of Kenny's finest compostitions ever, complete with unique chord changes (especially in the bridge) and fine lyrics.Does he step wrong? Sure. &quot;Birth Energy&quot; is a tribute to the process of giving birth; a nice enough idea, but when a bunch of women chant &quot;I am opening up&quot; in the intro, the result is a little jarring. Furthermore, Kenny's wife Julia and some of her friends taking turns reciting a sort of prayer said in praise of the miracle of childbirth comes off as just a little pretentious and self-important.  However it's the only moment on &quot;The Imaginable Life&quot; that's easy to dislike. Songs like &quot;The Rest of Your Life&quot; and the title tune are pop writing at its finest, and the production throughout the album is drop-dead gorgeous. It's hard to believe he topped the fantastic effort that was &quot;Leap of Faith,&quot; but with this release, Kenny has indeed done the unimaginable."))
(5.0, (u'B000002ZBR', u"In 1973, I saw this film while in college. I loved it so much that I  immediately made it a point to obtain the movie soundtrack (on vinyl  record) which, I may add, was eventually worn-out due to my constantly  playing it. Since then, I have continually tried to obtain the movie  (either on video or the reel-to-reel) AND the soundtrack again! Where can I  purchase these? It's been a long, long time since I heard these truly  beautiful and inspiring songs. I have from time-to-time even expressed to  my wife and children how much I would love for them to have the chance to  see the movie and hear the music. Such wholesome music should DEFINITELY be  published again and again -- the movie and the words to the music really  served to change my life for the better!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000031GX', u"This recording of some of John Rutter's choral music is truly exquisite.  The disc features the &quot;Gloria,&quot; as well as a number of his church  anthems, accompanied by either brass &amp; organ, orchestra, or sung a  cappella.  From the opening fanfare of the &quot;Gloria&quot; to the  last ethereal chord of &quot;The Lord Bless You and Keep You,&quot; this  disc shines with choral and compositional beauty.  In the opinion of this  reviewer, this is the cream of Rutter's work over the last 20+ years.  The performances of the Cambridge Singers are superb, especially when they  leave the orchestra behind and sing unaccompanied.  Particularly high  praise goes to &quot;Open Thou Mine Eyes.&quot;  But whether a glorious  accompanied anthem, or the intimacy of the unaccompanied choral prayer,  this disc will delight you from beginning to end.  Guaranteed!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003PZL', u"Five stars does not do this CD justice.  Cheiro de Amor,starring Carla Visi, bring on the noise and the energy.  This CDproves a well known fact, Axe music is a performance based not studio based music.  Cheiro achieve a precision and depth of sound in a live concert that many bands dream of attaining in a studio.  I have seen this band live in Salvador on two occasion, their energy and driving precision could animate a corpse.  Whether you love Brazilian music or not, you will love the music on this CD.  You don't need to learn Portuguese to love this CD, the music and Carla's voice will suffice. This CD is infective after you listen to it once you will will not leave home without it.  You will listen to it in your home, your car, and at work."))
(5.0, (u'B000005RQM', u'The best Rolling Stones album in recent years. Although I have every  Stones album they have ever made, this is the one that is keeping me  company most of the day, when driving, at home, etc. I particularly enjoy  &quot;Saint of Me&quot;, &quot;Always Suffering&quot;, &quot; Gunface&quot;  and the great &quot;Out of Control&quot;. All other tracks are also  inspiring and music travels from fantastic mellow sweet notes to hard beat  tunes that you want to get up and danse. The arangement of the songs is  fantastic  I had the opprtunity to see the Stones concert in Athens,  Greece, the other day and it was an experience of a lifetime. As one  journalist put it over here, &quot;This band has a great future!!!&quot;'))
(5.0, (u'B000003EUG', u"I never grow tired of hearing Van Cliburn play these two famous piano  concertos by Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff.  After the young Texan Cliburn  won the Tchaikovsky piano competition in Moscow during the Cold War, he  returned home to America and recorded these two inspired performances.  Cliburn plays with the passion of a young man and also the restraint of an  accomplished pianist.Russian conductor Kondrashin who worked so well  with Cliburn in Moscow, came to America to direct the RCA orchestra for the  Tchaikovsky Concerto No. 1.  And Reiner with the Chicogo Symphony is no  less marvellous with Cliburn in Rach's Concerto No. 2.  A must for any  collection.  If this were classical literature, it would be required  reading for college."))
(5.0, (u'B000006P31', u"i'm a huge fan of mr. adamson's work, and this album is some of his  finest. his lyrics are descriptive (&quot;...just a poorer imitation of the  man i most resemble...&quot;), inviting (&quot;...take a small vacation  from the hospital of sorrows...&quot;), metaphorical (&quot;...you can play  the instruments, and i'll play the buffoon...&quot;). a former bassist for  The Bad Seeds, he shares mr. cave's affection for the romanticized tragic  figure. jazz inflections and big band references mingle with r&amp;b and  rap (even a sample from Public Enemy!) to create an album unlike any other  in recent memory. extremely listenable, i find myself humming infectious  lines from these songs all the time."))
(5.0, (u'B000000OW8', u"&quot;Retreat from the Sun&quot; bridges the tiny gap between youthful  naivete and adult realization. The lead singer's lightweight vocals hover  high above the actual lyrics, which are grounded in S &amp; M (&quot;Gagged  and Tied&quot;) and lost love (&quot;Cowboy Hat&quot;).  Most of the album  deals with a young girl's desire to be witty and cute around that  &quot;dreamy boy from Long Island&quot; or the rebel-type standing in line  at the Jabberjaw music club.  That Dog, like Everclear, are engaging  artists able to paint vivid pictures in three minutes or less of young  souls yearning to understand adult themes like love, divorce, and  rejection.  Fortunately for the listener, the heroes in That Dog's ditties  can only view the world through bubble gum pink colored glasses. And that's  just fine.  In an alternative universe cluttered with Cobain clones and  pretentious contenders feigning righteousness, it's nice to listen to the  innocent rambling of a teen-age girl who believes in fairy tale romances,  albeit modernized. Instead of marrying Prince Charming and living in a cozy  castle, &quot;Retreat from the Sun's&quot; narrator would prefer a punk  rocker and bridal suite complete with leather whips and chains."))
(5.0, (u'B000008USI', u"Even when they rock, they break my heart.  I saw Counting Crows in concert  last summer.  I loved the band before I got there, and I left absolutely  giddy.  Adam Duritz is amazing, to watch him get so lost in his music, and  to be so completely absorbed in his emotions.  It seems almost like you are  eavesdropping on some terribly painful, private conversation.  There is an  intimacy and a closeness in this music that is so easy to be lost in.  This  album does just what I hoped it would... it captures the spirit of the live  show.  When his voice isn't so polished by studio microphones, you can hear  more of the pain and longing there.  And it is worth it.  The melody  changes in a couple of the songs are great, and I love the mixing of  different titles.  They just fit.  Adam Duritz is an amazing lyricist, and  a spectacular musician."))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADKQ', u"I loved Cracked Rear View, and still listen to it.  Fair Weather Johnson  was a disappointment, but Musical Chairs is great-- I'll be listening to it  for years to come!  It's got a little of everything, from Bluesy Revolution  that would've fit in with the Beatles' Savile Row rooftop concert in London  30 years ago, to rockabilly, folk, Nashville Alternative, and plain 'ole  rock and roll.  The lyrics have depth, and Darius does what Darius does  best-- sings with that wonderful voice.  The band is tight, riffs are  slick, and the guys from South Carolina are back better than ever.  Something tells me Hooties' roots go deep back into Appalachia.  I love  this CD."))
(5.0, (u'B000001833', u"It's hard to say what strikes you first with this pair. The vocals are  clear and true, weaving together in seamless harmony. The deft production  is just-right, as one might expect in an album with a rather extended  birthing. But winding throughout is the humor that led Rich Prezioso and  Jacquie Manning to christen themselves &quot;Small Potatoes.&quot;  Notoriety doesn't automatically imply greatness, any more than talent or  craft will guarantee popularity-- and cherishing the journey has helped  this pair to endure.In their acknowledgements on the liner notes, the  two admit that they've been working on &quot;Time Flies&quot; for more than  a year, and thank the musicians and writers, volunteers and fans that were  involved. &quot;If it weren't for you, we'd probably be selling shoes  somewhere, and we'd probably be late for work right now.&quot; Legendary  Chicago folkie Michael Smith belies the self-deprecation of these  musician's musicians in his own liner comments, painting a future where he  says &quot;i knew them when.&quot; Don't believe the aw-shucks attitude of  this pair, or you'll miss a wonderful album.The title cut is an apt  picture of the slightly-baffled acceptance with which Prezioso seems to  greet the world. &quot;I'm running around with a hammer and a patch-kit  wondering where to start.&quot; Hot on its heels is Manning's droll  rendition of &quot;Talk a Little Texan to Me Darling,&quot; complete with  John Rice's deft fiddle, Prezioso's campy impression of cowboy flirtation,  and even some well-placed yodeling. &quot;Boy Around the Corner&quot;  showcases the pair's voices in a playful acapella number borrowed from the  Bobs.&quot;Quartzite&quot; is a sweet ballad reminiscent of Robert  Fulghum's &quot;geek dancing&quot;: the older couple content with  themselves and their well-practiced pleasures. They show equal craft in the  Celtic flavored piece &quot;The Terror Time,&quot; and golden oldie  &quot;The Best Things in Life are Free.&quot; All are good examples of the  songwriting that inspires Small Potatoes: sometimes obscure, sometimes not,  but all presented in a way to makes the songs their  own.&quot;Avocado&quot; shows Jacquie's sultry range to great advantage,  in a sexy paeon to the delights of this trendy fruit. But just as you might  be tempted to dismiss Rich as the mild-mannered backdrop for his partner's  talents, he comes to the fore again with the lilting original &quot;My Last  Goodnight.&quot; Both are secure enough to step back and let the other  shine, or to pool their talents exuberantly. &quot;The Little That I  Know&quot; and &quot;Woodcutter's Song&quot; exemplify the playfulness that  mark every Small Potatoes performance. It's easy not to notice just how  much skill and talent goes into these engaging songs.Prezioso and  Manning have already found appreciation among other musicians, opening for  such notables as Cheryl Wheeler. If you're fortunate enough to see them  live, you won't regret it. Whether you've savored a Small Potatoes show or  are anticipating your first, &quot;Time Flies&quot; is a great way to  remember the experience. This album will be a favorite for fans of all  stripes: bluegrass, ballads, country, or Celtic. (If nothing else, it  caters to that &quot;niche market&quot; where wonderful music is valued!)  With Prezioso's traditional-flavored &quot;I Will Pass This Way  Again,&quot; you'll find yourself looking forward to their return, over and  over again."))
(5.0, (u'B000002544', u"I was 17 in 1975 when I first heard &quot;At Seventeen.&quot; It moved me  like no other song. An African-American from L.A., I had a hard time  getting my friends to agree. Intrigued, I explored the vinyl. What I heard  IS the best introspective and honest songwriting and arranging ever.  &quot;In The Winter&quot; is an exposed nerve tingling bright blue and red  in an icy breeze. &quot;I met your wife, she's very nice, what can I  say,&quot; the artist's voice trailing off at the end in self-conscious  revelation. &quot;Watercolors&quot; is artistic inspiration. The song and  album closing with an adroit cello solo that breaks your heart yet inspires  at the same time. And then there's the American classic &quot;At  Seventeen.&quot; I used the lyrics to demonstrate poetic nuances to my the  12 year old daughter. Today she is seventeen and every week listens to an  old tape I made of Janis' CBS work. Janis Ian is the American Van Gogh."))
(5.0, (u'B000002GNN', u"I am a Van M fan! Devout!! Have been for over thirty years. I am also a  musician and what will always separate Van from all the others is his  ability to record &amp; play with sideman and women who so brilliantly  complement his blues/jazz soulful voice. &quot;It's too late to stop  now!&quot; is a showcase of the power of music and lyric by the best there  ever was, is and will be. &quot;Caravan, Listen to the Lion,....violas and  piano riffs to make you stir deeply, Platania's guitar, saxophones (Van's  inspiration), and unbelieveable bass lines cement and capture forever what  &quot;live&quot; means to someone who loves rock n' roll.&quot;Bay-bee,  Bay-bee, Ba-by&quot; Van will rock your soul."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EW3', u"Shania, You are incredibly beautiful and talented. I Listened to your Come  on over CD and I loved it . Myself, a very good friend named Pat and my mom  and step-dad go to this wonderful place called The Stampede in Quincy,  Michigan to Line Dance and couples dance, well to make a long story short ,  we dance to several of your songs.  My favorite is called OUTTA LINE and we  dance it to Man I feel like a Woman. It is incredible.  I wish you could  come up someday and watch us dance to your music.  We also have a dance to  Any man of mine, Don't be stupid and a couple of other ones.  Anyway I  think you are awesome and always will."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EW3', u"It's almost ridiculous to argue about whether or not Shania Twain is a  country artist.  Fact is, she's putting out some of the most cleverly  crafted music in any genre.  Credit her husband/producer Mutt Lange for the  big pop hooks and Shania for the distinctively female perspective in the  lyrics.  Let the naysayers claim her appeal is all sex and no substance.  The same was said about Madonna when she was putting out brilliant pop  confections.  Whether you like her or not, Shania knows what she's doing,  and she's gonna be around for a long time to come, producing edgy, catchy  music for the world's consumption."))
(5.0, (u'B000002NJS', u"Okay, she may have stumbled with &quot;Erotica,&quot; and fallen flat on  her face with &quot;Who's that Girl,&quot; but Madonna is never one to  quit- or to evolve.  Each of her albums progressively shows marked growth  both in musical production and lyrical integrity, and on Ray of Light, she  reaches yet another apex. Sonically, the production is crystal clear- you  gotta listen to this with headphones on!  Lyrically, the songs combine  personal  introspection with mass appeal;  you'll find yourself identifying  with the theme of finding one's true self in this chaotic world. I can't  say I like every one of the songs on this CD- and that is a good thing. As  usual, Madonna offers enough variety so that from track to track the CD  never fails to surprise- and satisfy the listener. And yet there is an  overall cohesion to the 13 songs and it serves the listener well to listen  from start to finish rather than &quot;click, click, click&quot; to the  favorite tracks.  Of course the singles, &quot;Frozen,&quot; Ray of  Light&quot; and &quot;Power of Goodbye&quot; are stellar, but each track  stands on its own merit.  My personal favorites: &quot;Sky Fits  Heaven&quot; and &quot;Power of Goodbye.&quot; And don't miss the powerful  remixes  - they are available on the CD-maxi singles.  Thank Madonna, once  again,  for making the music world a lot more livable!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003CKH', u"Take a cup of good clean rock and roll, mix in 2 teaspoons ska, a half of  cup of funk, a dash of hip hop and R&amp;B, and a sprinkling of country.  Then bake well for 58 minutes, and frost with some of the freshiest lyrics  of the decade and you have Cake's Fashion Nuggett. Although not there debut  CD, Cake still manages redefine and stretch the face of alternative rock.  I found myself listening to this one everyday and humming the tunes in my  head.  This CD is definately has sweet and satisfying as a lush piece of  your favorite cake in the morning.  It is a must for any music lover, its  unique and never boring even months after you own it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000007SNN', u"Pam Tillis has been the most consistent country performer of the 90's.  With &quot;Every Time,&quot; she makes a great case for the title of the  greatest country performer of all time.  This album is flawless.  &quot;I  Said A Prayer&quot; showcases a vital energy that has been absent from her  recent work.  The title track and &quot;A Great Diguise&quot; throb with  aching vulnerabillity.  &quot;Hurt Myself&quot; and &quot;Not Me&quot; are  intelligent probes of self-worth.  Songs like &quot;You Put The Lonely On  Me&quot; and &quot;We Must Be Thinking Alike&quot; show her taste for  clever writing and strong hooks.  Overall, &quot;Every Time&quot; is  dangerous to bring into your home, because it makes you realize how  contrived the new work by her contemporaries like Trisha Yearwood, Reba  McEntire, Faith Hill and Martina McBride are.  These women can sing about  love and life all they want, but it takes a true talent like Tillis to  sound convincing while tackling the same subjects.  Welcome this album into  your home.  It's a masterpiece."))
(5.0, (u'B000006C6A', u'Like acey said hes glad if you got something out of this album.I know I  did as a MC focusing on diversity of style, Aceyalone is one of the top  seven mcs to ever bless a microphone from present to the pioneers.With  Aceyalones permission I would like to do my rendition of the balance of the  scales. That enourmously fat,fat track is the most beneficiary of them all  to me. I agree with all of Aceys proficies and his ingenious word play.Who  ever did not feel it, probaaly couldnt understand the philosphies and the  infinite possibilities of what I got out of this album. So I want to offer  my utmost appreciations to the man himself Acey thanks if you here me, and  thanks to mumbles for blessing the tracks with those fat beats.'))
(5.0, (u'B000009NTX', u'***Many Worlds Are Born Tonight***  Samson Music - GC0141It\'s safe to  say that Happy Rhodes has indeed succeeded in Building the Colossus and now  she prevails in a class of musical Genius all her own.  Miss Rhodes is  carving her own niche into the future of music, and Many Worlds Are Born  Tonight is her mark through that threshold.The layering and texturing of  soundscapes has become a trademark of Happy\'s.  For the new inductee and  the seasoned fan, a set of good headphones becomes a great tool for  listening pleasure.  Hearing the wizardry behind the layering of textures  and techno-elements that are constructed in each track brings full  appreciation for her artistry.Step by step, Happy seductively pulls us  in to get a peek into her secret worlds...the kind of stuff that dreams are  made of, not forgetting the shadows and darkness that tend to lurk from  within.  Highlighted tracks include:Many Worlds Are Born Tonight - The  title track has a techno/bluesy feel; steady and transfixed. Happy  continues to remind us all of the simple truths that life provides...just  in case we\'ve forgotten how easy things can be.  &quot;If you want, then  want alot/It\'s the only way to be sure/Listen to what moves you, and let  the moon catch your memories&quot;.The Chariot - A haunting track that  is reminiscent of Happy\'s earlier works, Ecto and Warpaint.  A great tune  for a walkman that can make you feel like you\'re floating instead of  walking, one of Happy\'s magical qualities of her craft.Ra is a Busy God  - Happy continues to let us know that she\'s still not a grown up. Her  child-like innocence even allows her to chat with the deities on a casual,  first name basis while playing sing-song games with them.If Wishes Were  Horses How Beggars would Ride - A spacey, ethereal waltz through a  dreamscape of darkness and tears.Roy - smooth and even somewhat  danceable, this would make a prime candidate for a music video, and is sure  to be a popular request with College Radio. The real highlight of this  track is a simple melodic violin solo provided by Rob Taylor that glides  along with Happy\'s voicings.  And then of course there\'s a stunning  question that took someone like Happy to finally ask... &quot;and tell me  maker, can you repair what you make?&quot;... At this point in the  recording, it\'s clear that Happy  becomes identifiable as the hero,  navigating her journey of self discovery in and out of the shadows of life,  always willing to share both her good and bad news with us all.Tragic -  I believe this is destined to be my favorite track on the disc.  The melody  in itself is about as Tragic as Tragic can sound.  "I see you because you  are Tragic, and I need you for the same/There\'s a little bit of you in me,  you can\'t escape what you became".  There are some chordal developments  here that are almost beyond belief...this is the track that literally  opened Many Worlds for myself.  The chorus when repeated at midpoint is  accompanied by a full-blown sampled chorus that reminds me of a classical  Requiem.  Very powerful stuff.Proof - Another cut with a serious Techno  edge, reminiscent of the  work of one of Happy\'s known influences, David  Bowie.Winter - suspended in the cosmos...time  eternal...bliss...nirvana...It appears Happy has taken us to the "other  side" for a glimpse into eternity.  A soul waiting to be reborn.  She asks  yet another question that leaves one in amazement..."Now all that remains,  is which one to champion my soul".Miss Rhodes has a knack for providing  a musical treasure at the end of a work ("Glory" from Building the  Colossus, "In Hiding" from Warpaint), and the final track "Serenading  Genius" is no exception.  This song stands as a reason unto itself for  owning Many Worlds. Prevailing elements musically describe the spontaneity  of realization.  Epiphany.  Hope.  Regeneration. &quot;I don\'t sing because  I\'ve found it, I sing because i\'m looking for it&quot;.  Yes, it appears  Happy is singing from a mountain top and that she has found it, but if one  second guesses the sound of the call, it indeed can just as easily be  interpreted as a yearning.  Happy invokes her finest here, weaving musical  patterns from thin air.As with other releases by the Hapster, this one  will undoubtedly provide many, many worlds just waiting to be realized  after several listenings.  It\'s great to have another album to highly  recommend for the first-time listener of Miss Rhodes, as this is her tenth  release to date.After being immersed in such a pool of splendor, one can  only hope that Happy\'s latest endeavor reaches as many ears as possible.  The world can use something as ideal as this to open hearts and stretch  imaginations to new heights.Happy is starting a national tour this fall.  For more info about Happy and tour dates, check out the URL\'s listed  b e l o w'))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADKZ', u"I am a huge fan of the first soundtrack, and I still lisen to it often,  and I think that Back to Titanic is awesome! and I don't understand why it  hasn't been #1 yet!The first soundrack spent 16 weeks at #1 this year, and  I hope that Back to Titanic will hit the #1 spot on the Billboard 200 very  soon. I think that any fan of the Titanic soundtrack should buy Back to  Titanic. I love all the songs on it, and my favorite is My Heart Will Go On  with movie dialogue. If you are a fan of the first soundtrack and you  haven't bought Back to Titanic, what are you waiting for? It is a great CD,  even better then the first I think, and if you buy you will be really happy  that you did. I know I am.  Derek F."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AG8V', u"Bathhouse Betty is an amazingly listenable collection of songs that might  not otherwise seem to fit together, were it not for the talents of the  Divine One...a little dance stuff, a little classic ballad singing and a  dynamic mix of old and new songwriting make this a fun experience...I have  never bought a Bette Midler album before, but I'm glad I got this one...it  reminds me of the days (back in the 70s) when albums were a perfect length  and represented the breadth of an artist's musical interests...kudos to  you, Bette, for having such broad musical tastes, an ear for a great song  and the gumption to put it all together here with such a sense of humor and  warm heart...best cut is &quot;...Junkman&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'6302540097', u"Jan Svankmajer's films are beyond classification.  Each film mixes stop  motion animation, cartooning and live action brilliantly.  Unlike modern  movies, Svankjmajer's films have no musical scores to &quot;guide&quot; the  viewer into the expected mood of a scene.  This leaves the viewer to decide  for themselves what the intonations for a scene are.  Such an atmosphere  can leave the viewer drained and uneasy.  His films are the most original  movies I have EVER seen.  Never have I witnessed any which compare.  Each  Svankmajer film is a treasure which few have bared witness to.  You will be  pleasantly surprised at any of his film's surrealist view of the world.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000007NAW', u"Slayer are back and I could never be more thankful.  With junk music like  Spice Girls, Hanson, and prepubescent divas littering the music shelves, I  had thought everybody had jumped on the bubble gum bandwagon.  Then  BOOM--Diablous In Musica arrives and hope is restored! Although being  abscent from the music scene for four years this is by far one of the best  Slayer has put out. Hearing the first handful of riffs of the first track  &quot;Bitter Peace&quot; and you'll know they're back with a vengence.  The  best tracks are &quot;Death's Head&quot; and &quot;Love to Hate&quot;, both  showing that guitarists Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King have not lost the  motts to shred. Many of the professional reviews given (USA Today, etc...)  talk like they were expecting these guys to put an album like Metallica's  &quot;Load&quot;, changing their sound or something--hence the reviews of  &quot;oh, it sounds like old Slayer...&quot; Those of us who have listened  to Slayer for years know what to expect and we love what we get.  Aggressive, loud, heavy music--this is by far the best.  If you are a fan  and haven't picked it up, do so.  If you haven't experienced Slayer or are  curious, try it."))
(5.0, (u'B000007QMO', u"A triumph on stage in shows such as Les Miserables, Aspects of Love,  Sunset Boulevard, and The Phantom of the Opera, Ron Bohmer demonstrates  even more vocal versatility in his debut album, Everyman.  The album  contains a wonderful mix of show tunes, pop, and Ron's own music which sets  it apart from most albums of this genre.  By far, the best music on this  disc are Bohmer's own tunes and David O. Chase's &quot;She's  Everything,&quot; (which should have been a top 10 hit).  Even the  obligatory Andrew Lloyd Webber tunes are treated with more care and sung  with more emotion than on most other albums.  There are few singers of this  calibre around today and this album is a must-have for any fan of the  modern musical."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AGD9', u"If you buy one album of dc Talk's, you just can't get enough of them.  I  heard most of the songs on &quot;Supernatural&quot; on Real Audio.  And YOU  KNOW how Real Audio doesn't flatter any song, but the songs rocked!  [Besides the fact I'd buy their future albums anyway.]  But I reserved my  copy of &quot;Supernatural&quot; to make sure the store doesn't run out  stock when I arrive.  I am going to pick it up on the release date of the  album which is September 22nd. This Tuesday, woohoo!!  By the way, dc Talk  if you're reading this...you rocked the stadium last Tuesday!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002K9N', u"The only regret that I have from buying this CD is that I was born after  the actual show happened and, therefore, missed the chance to see this  performance in person.  Sinarta is at his zenith in this show -- his voice  with just a touch of rasp for the saloon songs, but full of life and bounce  for those swinging tunes.  The sounds he creates are more intoxicating than  half-a-dozen of those &quot;watered-down&quot; drinks at the Sands.  Thankfully, there's no hangover, just a desire to listen again and again.  Even Sinatra's monologue, written by other comedians like Joe E. Lewis and  Joey Bishop, enthralls you, makes you feel like you're part of the Summit.  The Count is not a background player.  He and a young Quincy Jones keep the  music flowing like bourbon... but with more kick.  No other live recording  has the same energy, the same ecstacy, the same smoothness.  There are no  lemons in this basket... just the best bunch of songs The Man ever made you  feel as well as hear.  Pour yourself a glass and sit back.  You've got a  front table at the Sands, and this will eternally be the best show in town."))
(5.0, (u'B000009CEO', u"Being a long time fan of Anthrax, I was chomping at the bit to get my  hands on this one.  This is Anthrax at its best! Elektra should be kicking  themselves square for giving in to the bandwagon and ditching this band.  Focused, primed and ready to rage, Anthrax kicks out the jams on tracks  &quot;P&amp;V&quot; and &quot;Killing Box&quot;, putting a funk groove into  their mosh sound--surely learned from their times of hanging with their  buds, Pantera.  The tracks that go back to old school Anthrax are  &quot;604&quot; and &quot;Cupajoe&quot;, a couple of fun 30 second  mini-rages, reminders of Scott and Charlie's S.O.D. stint.  The guys in  shorts are back--large and in charge. Definately pick this album up!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009NT0', u"I bought this CD over a month ago and I still play it constantly. There  are half a dozen epic songs here, from the anthemic &quot;Retread&quot; and  the two singles &quot;Come Back To What You Know&quot; and &quot;My  Business..&quot; to the touching ballads &quot;Fireworks&quot; and  &quot;That's All Changed Forever&quot;. There are only a couple of songs  that I really don't care for but these shouldn't take anything away from a  great album. I saw them in concert in Friday in London, England and they  were superb. If you like this CD, you may also want to check out the band  Northern Uproar who also combine power rock anthems with touching ballads."))
(5.0, (u'B000009SEU', u"I've seen Pansy Division in concert at Minneapolis' Seventh Street Entry  twice, and they've long been on of my favorite bands.  Their new CD, Absurd  Pop Song Romance, where the trio of Chris, Jon and Luis is joined by the  terrific stage presence of Patrick, helps this great band, whose  fame is  largely due to word of mouth publicity to grow.Their sound has changed  sharply from solid headbanger music into a softer, professional style,  while maintaining their in-your-face gay sensibility.  The lyrics are as  clever as ever, and their title track, Absurd Pop Song Romance could put  them in the mainstream if it gets enough pop radio airplay.Chalk another  one up for this gayest of gay rock bands!  Absurd Pop Song Romance is their  best CD yet!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000AG6O', u"&quot;Tin Cans and Car Tires&quot; is moe.'s finest effort to date and, to  the dismay of some of their fans, could appeal to the mainstream in ways  that they haven't before.  With elements of rock, funk, and country, moe.  creates a veritable journal of life on the road in America.  With songs  like &quot;Stranger Than Fiction,&quot; &quot;Letter Home,&quot; and  &quot;Plane Crash,&quot; a melancholy picture of the asphalt journey is  created.Comparisons to excellent jam bands of yesterday and today such  as the Grateful Dead, Phish, and Bassment are extraneous because moe. can  hold their own against any of these improvisational monsters.  But with  &quot;Tin Cans and Car Tires,&quot; moe. is no longer a four-piece rock  band.  With the addition of 3 different keyboard players, 2 sax players, 1  flugelbone, and a string section, moe. expanded their array of sounds,  opening these familiar songs to a whole new level.These songs can serve  as excellent examples of what moe. can do, but are only a hint at the  grandeur that they can create during a live performance.  As the album  suggests, moe. is a band that was born on the road, and it is on the road  where play their best.  Check them out in cities everywhere."))
(5.0, (u'B000002HRE', u"I am as hardcore fanboy as you can be when it comes to Metallica.  I have  been listening to them for over ten years and have every release they've  ever put out, from Kill 'Em All to this album, Re-Load so I know what  they've sounded like in the past and realize the black and white contrast  between old and new BUT the guys are who they've always been.  Metallica  cannot put out a bad album, though I think this one isn't a colossal album.  Mind you this one and Load was to be a double disc album together-if it had  been orginally created as a stand alone album, I think some people would  have liked it more.  For those of you who think Metallica have lost the  heaviness, you haven't attended one of their concerts this summer--the guys  are just as loud, fast and heavy as they ever were--they've lost  nothing...I take that back, they have lost something---they've lost those  posers who keep wanting them to rehash Master of Puppets over and over  again.  Metallica reign supreme no matter what they do. I'm looking forward  to Nov. 17th---watch the record shelves...."))
(5.0, (u'B0000073AJ', u"The best song on the small 3 CD set (which has enough songs to fill up one  album...there's about 4 songs on each CD) is &quot;First We Take  Manhattan&quot;, which is timeless. This song will be great forever. * Me  Kitten is fantastic as well. The instrumentals are terrific, but the  highlight is definitely the Cover Versions CD. Like the previous review, I  think Ghost Rider and especially The Lion Sleeps Tonight are fantastic  songs. REM singing The Lion Sleeps Tonight, just like they sing &quot;There  She Goes Again&quot; and &quot;Pale Blue Eyes&quot; by the Velvet  Undergound, makes you want to hear Michael Stipe and Co. sing more songs  that were made popular by other groups. REM makes a fantastic sound. The  live Everybody Hurts is wonderful as well. It won't take long for every  song on this collection...none of which can be found on any of their  previous CDs...to be completely enjoyed by you. It's expensive for 12  songs, but if you want to expand your collection, bite the bullet. It costs  as much as a first date, and probably a lot more enjoyable."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MWJ', u"This is a terrific album for those who love to listen to Laurie Anderson's  quirky stories, and her  hypnotic compelling voice telling them.  These  were recorded live in London, and throughout the whole album, Anderson's  etherial voice tells the stories over a musical accompanyment.  The stories  are, in typical Laurie Anderson fashion, full of irony, humor, and off-beat  observations of human foibles and idiosyncracies.  The music presents a  haunting backdrop for the stories. A few of the selections are pulled from  other albums, (for example, Bright Red), and there's a section from Mister  Heart Break that should sound familiar to L.A. fans.  But most of it is  brand new (at least to me), and it makes for a fascinating listen."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BYD', u"Pearl Jam is one of if not the premier rock band of the '90's and I think  that their ability to look within themselves on their past few albums has  scared many fair weather fans away, but for those who haven't dismissed  them, Yield rewards them with their most complete and solidly musical album  since 'Ten.' Just listening to the lyrics of this CD is enough to realize  its greatness. Although Pearl Jam has always been a band which did not fear  questioning their own place, no clearer have the answers ever been then in  'Yield.' The title itself seems to say it all, they have fought against  what they felt was wrong in the Rock industry, and have realized their  limits in who and what they can reach. With this album, they have yielded,  but not stopped in this quest. Simply put, they have learned to choose  their battles. As 'No Way' states, 'I'm not trying to make a difference,no  way.' ,and how Ed explains on the 11th track that he is 'In hiding.'  Perhaps I am biased because Pearl Jam is my favorite band, but anyone who  gives their music an honest shot and does not look for the instant  gratification that 'Ten' provided will see the true beauty and purity of  their music. They mean so much to me that if I ever win the lottery, I want  to have a party and Pearl Jam to play there, though I know that the money  is not their primary concern."))
(5.0, (u'B000003MSH', u"Richard D. James (aka AFX, Aphex Twin, Polygonal Window...) is the  virtuoso of electronic music. I have heard quite a bit of commercial and  academic electronic music, but AFX's records are recognizable after four  bars. He doesn't copy or exploits formulas, he just does it his way. The  formal beauty and perfection of his pieces is overwhelming. He has done  things with sampling and looping that I have never heard anywhere else.  Still, this is not musical bravura for the sake of it. This CD has irony  and good dancing groves, and I have had it in my CD player with the  &quot;repeat&quot; option for days."))
(5.0, (u'B000000E4V', u"D'Gary lives in a small village that's a good 11-hour walk from the  closest highway, and prior to this recording, he didn't even has a guitar  of his own, achieving his technical brilliancy and astounding compositional  chops by borrowing scrappy guitars from friends (that is, when he could  find one). He did a impressive job transposing the vast musical heritage of  Madagascar to the acoustic guitar, with results that can't be rated in  words. It's heavenly stuff. I must say that he is the most amazing acoustic  guitar player that I've heard in many years. Kudos for Shanachie and Henry  Kayser for this release!! MORE D'GARY, PLEASE!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000EZN', u"Who would have thought that Jonathan Edwards would be singing Bluegrass?  His early songs were far closer to country rock. This album shows what a  fine tenor voice he has, ideal for Bluegrass.  Seldom Scene is a great  group, both vocally and instrumentally. Their voices blend flawlessly with  Edwards' and the instrumentals are superb.  &quot;Don't This Road Look  Rough And Rocky&quot;, the first song on the album, is worth the price of  the CD by itself. Hearing Edwards' old hit &quot;Sunshine&quot; done in  Bluegrass style was a shock at first, but it sounds like it was written for  Bluegrass harmonies.  Jonathan Edwards fans will find two new songs by  him, &quot;How Long Have I Been Waiting For You&quot; and &quot;Little  Hands&quot;. Seldom Scene and Bluegrass fans will find some very good  listening.  This is now my favorite Bluegrass album. Try it!"))
(5.0, (u'6304510861', u"It's easy for the hard-core Lynch fan to love this movie.  It's got all  the traditional Lynchian motifs, and then some:  severe head injuries,  blueish electricity, the supernatural, the dream-like. But Lynch newcomers  can appreciate the story as well!  The trick is to not ask any questions  while watching the movie.  Don't try to follow the logic of the story right  off.  Maybe there isn;t any logic, or maybe it's LYNCH's LOGIC.  Heheheh.  At any rate, the film is stellar no matter how you look at it.  Moody,  semi-psycho performance from Bill Pullman is probably his best role to  date, aside from perhaps The Zero Effect.  Patricia Arquette plays both a  blonde and a brunette to startling effect, and her full lips fill up the  screen beautifully. And who could forget Robert Blake as the Mystery Man!  No combination of spooky make-up, fantastic lighting and prime direction  could have evoked the sheer terror that Blake's face does. To sum up, this  movie is a must see!  (Don't listen to anything Roger Ebert says.  He's a  punk.)  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000AH7', u"Jarvi's take on Symphony 4 is naturally pinpoint perfect and note-for-note  lovely. But the star of this recording is found in the definitive singing  of the Biblical Songs by bass-baritone, Mr. Cook. Rather than opt for a  series of songs, one after the other as with ,say, a Schubert song cycle,  Jarvi and Cook have used an arrangement that brings legato to the works  making them into a whole. There is something very operatic in these pieces,  dramatic and highly  melodic. Not being a particularly spiritual person  myself, these songs certainly have a life of their own beyond the religious  context of their lyrics. Listen to Dvorak's 'Lord's Prayer', for example,  and you really hear more pastoral folk singing than sacred writing. This is  one of Jarvi's top efforts."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LHO', u"For me, this album is the final proof (not that I needed any...) that  Laurie Anderson is a ture genious. In this one, the songs are more  'song-like' and there is even singing from L.A in her own voice (not  scrambled), but this does not mean that the songs are less complex. Every  sound still gets full attention and all the small, sometimes strange by  themselves sounds, make a full fascinating picture when they are put  together. The lyrics, as always, have the uniqe LA way of saying things,  which sometimes reminds me David Byrne of Talking Heads in some of his  works.I have listned to this cd hundreds of times, and I still find it a  masterpiece.+g"))
(5.0, (u'B0000027N6', u"EVEN THOUGH THERE HAVE BEEN TONS OF RECENT WELL-RECORDED CD'S OF THESE  SEMINAL SCANDINAVIAN SYMPHONIES, THESE EARLY '60s VERSIONS WERE PROBABLY  THE FIRST BY AN AMERICAN CONDUCTOR AND, LIKE HIS MAHLER SYMPHONIES, ARE  TOWERING STATEMENTS THAT STAND THE TEST OF TIME.  THIS IS TYPICAL  BERNSTEIN: PASSIONATE, SOMETIMES OVERWROUGHT BUT JUST RIGHT FOR THE MUSIC  AND WELL-RECORDED BY JOHN MCCLURE.  THESE TWO PARTICULAR SYMHONIES CONTAIN  ALOT OF UNUSUAL CHARACTERISTICS INCLUDING A WORDLESS TENOR/SOPRANO DUET IN  THE THIRD AND A FURIOUS SNARE-DRUM OSTINATO IN THE FIFTH.  NIELSEN RECEIVED  HIS DUE FROM BERNSTEIN AND CONDUCTORS SUCH AS BLOMSTED, SALONEN AND RATTLE  HAVE TRIED TO FILL HIS BIG SHOES BUT INTERPRETATIVELY THIS MID-PRICE  COUPLING  CAN'T BE BEAT."))
(5.0, (u'B00000299M', u"Infectious grooves a.k.a groove family cyco epitomise for me music that  falls into the category of Funk-Metal. I hate to be doing this to one of my  favorite bands, putting labels on art that is, but this is just to put my  point across. Infectious Grooves started out as what is called a  super-group. memebers of Suicidal Tendencies and Jane's Addiction coming  together to make what was a truly first great heavy but comic album, it  seemed that all the tension and angst that was building up in Suicidal or  maybe in Mike Muir's mind needed badly some comic relief. In Suicidal Muir  was complaining that &quot;nobody hears&quot;, Infectious was the musical  break needed for this angry genius. The Grooves took a form that was  building power in music and especially in California, a musical form of  very rythmic metal with the likes of Faith No More, Primus and ofcourse the  Chili Peppers  and made it into an art-form if anyone ever took a musical  genre and made it into perferction in its own field, it was the Infectious  Grooves. In this album their third they do it once more although I still do  consider this album as their least whole just because some songs are not on  one level, but some of the songs are pure masterpieces, &quot;Violent  Funky&quot; and actually the first five songs make up one of the stongest  and hardest opening for a record that i have heard. A lot of more things  can be said on this album and on this band, to finish things of i will just  give the ingredients that make this wonderful rocking stew: a lot of bass,  about a thousand cups of the non-picked-used kind, try to see if the store  has the slapping and pulling kind, a quart of really effective rythmic  drumming and two teaspoons of lyrics that you have to respect, and mix  everything with amazing song-writing. After two listenings in the oven, it  is baked and ready to eat. To taste this very yummy treat, you have to buy  this album!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000638D', u"I LOVE Nsync!!! They are all REALLY hot!! I recommend this cd to anybody.  It's my fav CD. I listen to 24-7. I get in trouble at school all the time  for bringing discman to class. but I just cant help it!! They are so  majorly talented! Snaps to Justin and J.C. for kepping it going after a  MMC. That was a really good show and it's so ironic that 2 out of 5 people  out of my favorite band were on my fav T.V. show!! But it's a really  awesome CD and if you havn't already, buy it!!!!!!!  I'm thinking of  starting a Nsync fan club. If your interested, Email me at  NsyncLuver@alloymail.com"))
(5.0, (u'B000002H6C', u"Almost ten years after this album came out (I bought it the first day) I  still listen to it at least once or twice a week. As a lifelong metalhead,  I think this album sets a standard miles above what any other metal album  has ever attained. The absolute, sheer technical mastery displayed on  tracks like One and And Justice For All and the austere majesty of the  instrumental To Live Is To Die make it all the more tragic that Metallica  dumbed down their music after this magnum opus, which is not speed metal  but rather a very heavy, powerful, dark, certain, intense musical vision. I  think musically and technically it's easily superior to Master of Puppets  (but hey, buy 'em both!) - plus it cranks like a mother! This is the album  to anchor any metal or hard rock collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UJQ', u"This album mesmerizes.  You will get hooked on Paranoid Android and Karma  Police, then yeild to the soft beauty of No Alarms and Exit Music, and  finally understand the intense longing and sense of helplessness in Lucky  and Let Down.  The droning, gut-wrenching &quot;Fitter, Happier&quot; will  speak to you from beyond the death of humanity.  On their third major  album, Radiohead has redefined music as few other bands have.  In sheer  importance, this album ranks with The Beatles' &quot;White Album,&quot;  Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall,&quot; and U2's &quot;Joshua Tree.&quot;  This  is quite simply the most intelligent band in the music industry today.  Absolutely stunning."))
(5.0, (u'B00000DCFT', u"I always look through the Wedding Present section whenever I'm browsing in  a record store.  Yesterday while shopping at Other Music in NYC I did just  that.  I noticed Cinerama in there (import) and figured it was probably  just out of place and had nothing to do with my favorite band but then I  checked the back of the CD and noticed that all songs were written by none  other than David Gedge!  The band is basically Gedge and Sally Murrell with  an assortment of additional players including Marty Wilson-Piper of The  Church.  It sounds essentially like some of The Wedding Present's latest  (mellower) stuff.  I've listened to it 4 times today and have grown quite  fond of it already.  My favorite is Hate (track #3) which is a beautiful  song with very funny lyrics (&quot;Almost everything about you makes me  wish that we'd never met...&quot;)  Same is true of Maniac (track #1)  Great stuff.  Highly recommended even if you haven't even heard of The  Wedding Present!"))
(5.0, (u'B000005E5L', u"Not the &quot;prettiest&quot; tenor voice around, although the ringing  high notes are nothing short of gorgeous.  However, to true lovers of opera  (that is, those of us who prefer opera as musical drama, not just pretty  singing) the still young Cura offers the promise of a long career of  exciting  interpretations of roles throughout the lyrico-spinto and  dramatic tenor repertoire. One listen through this album identifies Cura as  a very intelligent singer, and one who does not approach each  characterization the same way.  His sound, very interestingly, really  changes depending on &quot;who&quot; is singing.  The emotion is wonderful,  whether it's anger or warmth. His diction is flawless.  And it doesn't hurt  a bit that he is &quot;a hunk&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B00000112L', u"On Amorphis's third full length album, they once again prove that metal is  not dead.  On this record, they have increased the use of keyboards and  have gotten a dedicated vocalist to provide clean vocals throughout most of  the album. The usual gruff voiced singing found on most other metal records  has now been used only to accentuate  the genius guitar work.  Amorphis  has evoled from a death metal band into a group that cannot be easily  catagoreized.This is one of THE BEST metal records of all time. If your  looking to add some depth and flavor to your collection, pick this one up!"))
(5.0, (u'0792844823', u"The first time I sat down to see this movie I was expecting to be bored  senseless!  It took about five minutes for me to find myself focused on  each character.  I found it to be one of my favorite movies of all time,  and know many others who feel the same.  Don't be scared by the typical  uninteresting musical numbers and silly dance numbers.  this film has a  great story as well as a great cast to drive it home.  If you have yet to  watch Guys &amp; Dolls in your life, I fear that you have sheltered  yourself from real cinema.  Plus Sinatra sings songs that are forever  burned into your mind as you eat in any italian restaurant or drink a  martini in a nice lounge (luck be a lady tonight). Buy It, Rent It, Just  watch it!  I assure you it will be a prized member of your video library.  If I am wrong you can write me a nasty email note, but you wont need to.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000001E5Z', u"At first listen, you may think to yourself &quot;Oh, Burne put out some  new material.&quot; But that thought is quickly dismissed. Then you open  the liner notes, and realize that the band is not from Africa, or South  America, but from PITTSBURGH. Perhaps it's this blue-collar background that  gives the band it's earthy, rhymthic feel. The band uses lyrics not as a  stamp placed on top of each song, but as an extension of music. Some of the  &quot;Words&quot; arn't words at all, but gibberish that sounds right at  the time. And by doing it, it feels so right. Don't bother putting it on  the shelf. Save yourself some effort, and keep it right beside your CD  player."))
(5.0, (u'B000002BRQ', u"This CD offers a terrific selection of covers for Cocker, some old and  others new.  He's backed-up by a wonderful assemblage of session men, who  do an impeccable and very tasteful job of coloring and adding texture to  the songs.  Cocker's vocals and phrasing are excellent, and represent  perhaps one of his finest efforts. There's a couple of real gems here,  notably &quot;Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood&quot; (wonderful reggae)  &quot;High Lonesome Blues&quot; (classic road-house blues) and &quot;Can't  Find My Way Home&quot; (best version ever and perfect CD closing song).  The arrangement of songs is well done, and the Don Was production shines  through, providing an excellent presentation of the songs and the artists.  A real collector."))
(5.0, (u'B000002G7C', u"Sometime the greatest and most original creations are seemingly the  simplest. Such is the case with &quot;The Velvet Underground and  Nico.&quot; The music, lyrics, and recording of this album will leave many  listeners thinking,&quot;I could do that.&quot; And several have (REM, U2,  the punk scene in general...). What makes this such a timeless recording is  its simplicity, its ability to express emotion in ways the listening public  can understand, and to do so in a way that had never been attempted before.  Listen to &quot;Heroin&quot; for the first time and you would think it was  a modern tune. But it has been around for thirty years, never losing its  relevance or its emotional impact. &quot;White Light, White Heat&quot; may  have launched the punk revolution, and &quot;Loaded&quot; might contain the  classics &quot;Sweet Jane&quot; and &quot;Rock and Roll&quot;, but this  album is their best because it captures each of the five artists at their  best. Reed's lyrics are emotionally seering, Cale's music haunting,  Morrison's guitar at its most explosive, Mo's thundering brillance, and  Nico along for the ride. It also captures the band at its most hungry and  innocent stage, before tension and powerstruggles pulled these  revolutionary rockers apart.  If you end up buying and liking this album  let me also recommend their box set, &quot;Peel Slowly and See&quot;, any  Lou Reed, John Cale, or Mo Tucker album, U2's single for &quot;One&quot;,  and the 3oth anniversary Bob Dylan album which has Reed doing a great cut  of Dylan's &quot;Foot of Pride.&quot;"))
(5.0, (u'B000000FUN', u"If not the best album by the Toaster it certainly is one of them.This  album has alot of variety from song to song and like some other Toaster  albums they have a few instrumental songs and also do some covers to old  songs.They have thrown in a remake of their earlier song &quot;Talk is  cheap&quot;and it is much better than the original version.The Toasters  continue to be one of the best ska bands ever.If you have any interest in  ska music whatsoever or want to find out about it this is a great album to  own.They have brought me many great moments and I'm sure they will to you  too."))
(5.0, (u'B000003CAD', u"I was just hanging out, reading the Star Report, with Spinner running in  the background when this...experience suddenly came in over the speakers.  I generally despise hip hop and rap type music, but this.  I really enjoy  new age and ambient, but don't really know what I'd call this, other than a  CD I will definatly get.  I was sitting here, reading and slowly, began  doing the chair dance.  You know what I mean, the rocking back and forth.  This would be great bedroom music if you catch my drift.  If you enjoy  Enya, Enigma, Pure Moods and Pink Floyd, then I believe you'll enjoy having  this in your CD collection."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LGN', u"Joy Division formed in 1977 and released its first album in 1979; this  album was recorded and released in 1980. It sounds no more like a rushed  album than it sounds like a young band's second album. Veteran artists  spent years recording albums that aren't half as good.People will argue  from now until eternity whether it was Joy Division, Bauhaus, or Siouxsie  and the Banshees who first turned punk on its side to create goth, but by  1980 the movement was clearly visible, and this, Joy Division's crowning  achievement, may be the first great goth record.Joy Division singer Ian  Curtis was a David Bowie fan, and, because of the content of the lyrics and  because Curtis had committed suicide by the time this album was released,  Closer is generally regarded as the story of a rock 'n' roll suicide.The  album tells a story well. The only question is whether it is Curtis' own  story -- we'll never know for certain.The album starts off with a  horrifying picture of Joy Division's act. &quot;For entertainment they  watch his body twist. Behind his eyes he says, 'I still exist,'&quot; the  epileptic Curtis sings in &quot;Atrocity Exhibition.&quot; Curtis, whose  act imitated seizures, occasionally had seizures onstage and the audience  usually thought it was part of the act. The ineffective treatment of  Curtis' epilepsy and the resulting depression is a constant theme  throughout his work, but especially here.Songs such as  &quot;Isolation,&quot; &quot;A Means to an End,&quot; and &quot;Heart and  Soul&quot; paint a picture of ever-growing bleakness, a story of broken  dreams, love lost, and blurred vision. It peaks with &quot;Twenty Four  hours&quot;:So this is permanent, love's shattered pride / What once was  innocence, turned on its side / A cloud hangs over me, marks every move /  Deep in the memory, of what once was loveOh how I realized how I wanted  time / Put into perspective, tried so hard to find / Just for one moment, I  thought I'd found my way / Destiny unfolded, I watched it slip awayA  song of dreams lost to destiny, hinting at what was to come, leading right  into a pair of slow, gentle, requiem-like songs: &quot;The Eternal&quot;  and &quot;Decades.&quot; The lyrics to &quot;The Eternal&quot; suggest  Curtis may have been envisioning his own funeral, while &quot;Decades&quot;  suggests someone looking back over a life that ended in disappointment all  too soon.The glimmer of hope that opened up &quot;Unknown  Pleasures,&quot; (&quot;I've been waiting for a guide to come and take me  by the hand/Could these sensations make me feel the pleasures of a normal  man?&quot;) extinguished, this album abruptly completes the journey.Many  buy Joy Division's compilation album &quot;Substance,&quot; hoping for a  greatest hits-type collection to compile all of Joy Division's essentials.  It's a mistake. True, neither of Joy Division's radio-friendly singles are  on this album, nor are &quot;Dead Souls&quot; and &quot;In A Lonely  Place,&quot; the obscure tracks made famous by their cover versions in the  &quot;Crow&quot; movies. In spite of this, &quot;Closer&quot; is *the*  essential Joy Division album, period."))
(5.0, (u'B0000026J2', u"When I was 9 yrs. old I first learned of Barbra from my older sister who  had just bought the People album. As I stood in front of the record player,  and heard the music and the voice, I thought then, as I still do and always  will, that she had one of the most beautiful voices I had ever heard.So  from an unashamed fan I will state that the Back to Broadway Album is a  beautiful representation of Ms. Streisand's voice. She brings Broadway  tunes, some which are unfamiliar,  to the masses to enjoy, and to learn of  music sometimes found only on the stages of Broadway. Thank you, Barbra,  for sharing your love of the Broadway music and to bringing it to us with  such beauty and passion."))
(5.0, (u'B000002J1S', u"I started my Genesis collection with an 8 track version  (borrowed) of  Trick of the Tail back in 1976 - Freshman Year of College/1st finals week.  It kept me company during repeated all night cramming sessions fueled by  funny little white pills.  When it was over, I knew I needed to hear more  Genesis - a lot more (even though I hadn't made the Gabriel connection  yet)......Chance led me to a underground record store and a copy of  Trespass.  My life changed....I can go on and on and on about the impact  that the Gabriel era Genesis albums had on me, but I think Lamb stands on  top as the most complete effort.  I read years ago that Gabriel after SEBTP  had a foot out the door from the band (see Solsbury Hill) and that he wrote  the Lamb lyrics completely independant from the band (and conversely they  wrote all the music without Gabriel's input)which makes the end result even  that much more amazing.  Get this one for your collection.  It has no peer.  Unless you like Michael Bolton...just kidding"))
(5.0, (u'B000002JXI', u"I heard Caliente, by Willie and Lobo while browsing in a book store. The  music is relaxing,and inspiring. I have never gone up to a  book store desk  and asked what kind of music they were playing. I bought the CD  immediately. I have to say, I had  not heard of Willie and Lobo. I recently  took a trip back to the same store a year later and regognized a piece of  music of W &amp; L's as various musicians were being played.  I had to  write an essay recently, I had Caliente playing in the background which  enhanced my creativity, as the music makes you want to be alive. The music  flows,and has a very smooth rhythm, from one cut to the other. I love each  cut the first time I played it. The music grows on me  every time I listen  to it. Great music to dance to, or just relax to, for any mood. The  instrumentals are excellant. I look forward to Willie and Lobo's next  album."))
(5.0, (u'B000009MZW', u"Back in the late 60's, record stores used to have a special bin for  &quot;Electronic Music&quot;. That included anything which used a  synthesizer at first. But certain composers produced weird, wonderful  tapestries of sound using other methods such as splicing magnetic tape. And  some of the best compositions using synthesizers were often atonal and even  amusical. Nothing like them had been heard before, and it would be a while  before their like was heard again.The utterly contemporary score for  &quot;Pi&quot; evokes those amazing compositions and does them one better  using the latest tools and techniques available. Clint Mansell produces  amazing spectra of sound and the contributions by other current artists  such as Aphex Twin and Massive Attack evoke the labynthine complexity, and  yet utter simplicity of Pi the number, as well as &quot;Pi&quot; the Movie.  See it. Get it."))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADLF', u"Steve Harris would do well to step back and pay attention to what his  ex-bandmates are up to. While Maiden has been in a steady decline since  &quot;Seventh Son&quot;, Bruce and Adrian are putting the Heavy back into  Metal. Roy Z. and the rest also deserve much more credit than they get.  Perhaps NOone has ever recorded a heavier guitar tone. No doubt, Accident  of Birth was the best Maiden album since 1988, but this is an entirely  different Beast altogether. Bruce has finally established himself as a solo  artist, and proven that &quot;Accident&quot; was no fluke. The brutal riffs  of Roy Z. and the always memorable leads of Adrian Smith make &quot;The  Chemical Wedding&quot; metal album of the year. Oh, yeah, Bruce's vocals  don't hurt either."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AFF6', u"I have been a devoted fan of Buffalo Tom since their first album.  &quot;Smitten&quot; being their sixth, I'd say they have their style down.  I have seen them live a few times as well as Tom Janowitz (sp?) on a solo  tour, and they are great.I have only heard their single  &quot;Rachael&quot; on the radio here in St.Louis, and it is very good.  Nothing breaking the mold of their sound, but good. The bass player sings  this song, which makes me smile.  He always gets a few songs on each album  to sing, and it's nice that his song is the single.My prediction is  that it will be wonderful as all the other albums have been, and I will be  one of the first to pick it up.  Money well spent."))
(5.0, (u'B000002TYZ', u"(Contin&uacute;a de Anthology 1) ....como productor para los nuevos singles Free  As A Bird y Real Love, las cintas caseras de John que Yoko entreg&oacute; a Paul a  inicios de 1994. Anthology 1 contiene los primeros intentos de los  Quarrymen registrados en fr&aacute;giles discos de carb&oacute;n de 78rpm; nos lleva a  Hamburgo y redescubrimos la tradicional y nost&aacute;lgica My Bonnie, cantada por  Tony Sheridan y producida por Bert Kaempfert. Incluye adem&aacute;s temas de  algunas de sus presentaciones m&aacute;s notables como la del London Palladium  ante la Familia Real (es ah&iacute; donde John, antes de cantar Twist and Shout,  pide a la concurrencia de la cazuela aplaudir y a la nobleza que cascabelee  sus joyas). Lo m&aacute;s sorprendente de este vol&uacute;men es la nitidez de las  sesiones para la Decca records. En 1962 John, Paul, George y el baterista  Pete Best grabaron unos demos que fueron rechazados despu&eacute;s por los  ejecutivos de la disquera. Alguno de ellos habr&iacute;a dicho: &quot;Hay  demasiados grupos mediocres con guitarras que en cualquier momento pasar&aacute;n  de moda. No son rentables&quot;. Despu&eacute;s de ver el enorme &eacute;xito en  Inglaterra de aquellos melenudos antes despreciados por ellos, Decca no  dud&oacute; en contratar a los Rolling Stones apenas se presentaron. Contiene  adem&aacute;s breves comentarios en distintas &eacute;pocas de Lennon, McCartney y Brian  Epstein, el manager que los hizo supergrupo; junto con las poderosas  sesiones de sus cuatro primeros &aacute;lbumes. Anthology 2, dada la &eacute;poca  (1965-1968) y las sesiones tan inteligentes y productivas que explora, es  el m&aacute;s importante y trascendental volumen de la colecci&oacute;n. Poco a poco los  Beatles dejan de ser los reyes de los conciertos para ser los amos del  estudio Abbey Road; al haber dejado los conciertos y las giras atr&aacute;s debido  a las serias limitaciones creativas que obligaban a ejecutar todo lo  grabado en un escenario. Es en esta &eacute;poca tambi&eacute;n en que John y Paul  empiezan a escribir canciones por separado (si es que no lo hab&iacute;an hecho  antes), con colaboraciones espor&aacute;dicas en uno que otro tema. Cada uno  presenta un estilo individual que compite por sobrepasar en creatividad al  otro. En estos a&ntilde;os los Beatles se olvidan de los covers en sus Lps para  dedicarse de entero a sus ideas al saber que ninguna banda los superar&aacute;, ni  siquiera sus archirrivales Rolling Stones por m&aacute;s esfuerzos que hagan. Pero  no se trata de un &eacute;xito aislado ni mucho menos ya que en estos a&ntilde;os la  denominada revoluci&oacute;n cultural de los sesenta llega a su m&aacute;ximo punto,  paralelamente con la  m&uacute;sica de Lennon y McCartney. A partir de 1966, con  su sorprendente Revolver, los Beatles se expandir&iacute;an al infinito, hacia la  cumbre del estrellato, a la adoraci&oacute;n extrema de sus seguidores y a la  sumisi&oacute;n total de sus detractores y cr&iacute;ticos m&aacute;s severos. En este segundo  volumen los escuchamos compitiendo sanamente con los Stones con un tema  instrumental de R&amp;B llamado 12 Bar Original; o&iacute;mos a George cantar  desganado Everybody's Trying To Be My Baby en el Shea Stadium (sin que  nadie le oiga debido a los chillidos ensordecedores) y la apat&iacute;a de las  actuaciones se les hace evidente; John prueba sonidos al rev&eacute;s y melod&iacute;as  extra&ntilde;as y alucin&oacute;genas en Tomorrow Never Knows; Paul graba a un doble  cuarteto de cuerdas ejecutando Eleanor Rigby; George hace lo mismo con  m&uacute;sicos hind&uacute;es viajando por el r&iacute;o Ganges y tocando la s&iacute;tara en Whitin  You Whitout You, la melod&iacute;a m&aacute;s innovadora, reflexiva e interesante del Sgt  Pepper's, obra cumbre de la filosof&iacute;a Beatle."))
(5.0, (u'B000002TZ1', u'Anthology 3 concluye notablemente la trilog&iacute;a de material in&eacute;dito con las  sesiones del &aacute;lbum blanco, un extenso e hist&oacute;rico bloque de versiones  ac&uacute;sticas, las sesiones de Let It Be y Abbey Road, alg&uacute;n n&uacute;mero inspirado  en hierbas aspirables y un lamentable medley de rock and roll con Lennon a  la cabeza, simplemente acelerando los contratos para la ya inminente y  redentora separaci&oacute;n. Las cr&iacute;ticas negativas a la colecci&oacute;n Anthology no se  centran en el material presentado ni en el sonido, que son excelentes y de  primer nivel en comparaci&oacute;n al material de contrabando; sino en la forma de  venderse la colecci&oacute;n y el tufo a oportunismo de la Apple Corporation con  todo el Merchandising. Ya se sabe, entonces, hacia qu&eacute; p&uacute;blico apunta el  desempolve de m&uacute;sica de hace 25 a&ntilde;os y llamarlo Classic Rock: al p&uacute;blico  cuarent&oacute;n que puede comprar m&aacute;s discos que un chiquillo fan&aacute;tico de Pearl  Jam y Nine Inch Nails que a duras penas puede con su propina adquirir el  Vitalogy o el Downward Spiral. Por lo visto es ah&iacute; donde se encuentra el  secreto del &quot;reciclaje&quot; que hace aparecer a los Beatles en los  primeros lugares de las listas 25 a&ntilde;os despu&eacute;s de disolverse. Al parecer  &eacute;ste fen&oacute;meno no s&oacute;lo ocurre con la m&uacute;sica pop; sino con las formas de  vestir, con las artes pl&aacute;sticas y, en cierta medida, con el cine. No  pretendo hacer una apolog&iacute;a a la pirater&iacute;a fonogr&aacute;fica que tanto da&ntilde;o hace  a la industria fonogr&aacute;fica a nivel mundial. La copia  de un disco original  para ser vendido a bajo precio es un delito aqu&iacute; y en Inglaterra; pero para  un coleccionista obtener una canci&oacute;n in&eacute;dita es un privilegio que lo  distingue de los dem&aacute;s compradores interesados solamente en los limitadores  e incompletos discos &quot;grandes &eacute;xitos&quot;. La EMI ha esperado  demasiado tiempo y el negocio de discos y los gustos cambiaron, pero los  fab four  no. Para los admiradores incondicionales, Anthology busca revivir  la Beatleman&iacute;a ahora que estamos lejos de los sesenta y los podemos mirar y  o&iacute;r m&aacute;s objetivamente. Los Beatles dejaron canciones que se oir&aacute;n por  siempre y mantendr&aacute;n su vigencia gracias a sus trece &aacute;lbumes y veintid&oacute;s  singles, pero consider&aacute;ndolos el conjunto musical m&aacute;s importante del siglo  XX, toda su obra debe o&iacute;rse y difundirse; y &eacute;sa es precisamente la labor  del Anthology y tambi&eacute;n, pero con menos expansi&oacute;n y libres de impuestos, la  de colecciones ilegales como Artifacts y otras tantas. The Beatles  Anthology 1, 2 &amp; 3 es la colecci&oacute;n original m&aacute;s importante para un buen  fan&aacute;tico de los Beatles y la raz&oacute;n m&aacute;s grande para celebrar, al filo del  siglo, a esta maravillosa banda de cuatro chicos de la clase trabajadora  que cambiaron el mundo sin disparar una bala.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000423D', u"Of course, since I was involved in the recording of the Mahler Third with  my California Boys' Choir, I am a bit prejudiced.  But you can't find a  better Third anywhere in the universe.  Maestro Mehta was superb in  directing the work, and Ms. Forrester was in top form, as were the ladies  and gentlemen of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra.  The work was  recorded in UCLA's Royce Hall, with the entire auditorium acoustically  treated for maximum clarity of sound.  To be especially noted is the  wonderful posthorn solo of Robert di Vall, as well as Sidney Harth's saucy  violin solo.  The women of the Los Angeles Master Chorale joined the  California Boys' Choir in the fifth movement &quot;Lustig in Tempo und keck  im Ausdruck.&quot;You get two Mahler Symphonies for the price of one in  this CD - a total of almost 149 minutes of lush, Romantic music so  descriptive of life in the Alps, beautifully recorded, and produced by  master producer Ray Minshull."))
(5.0, (u'B0000058MX', u"i adore ani's music.  i play the guitar, and i first learned to play so  that i could play &quot;out of habit&quot;.  this album captures everything  i love about ani's music.  she has said that she is not a studio artist,  and &quot;living in clip&quot; proves that. it took me a few days to get  used to listening to my regular ani songs live, but once i did, i was  hooked.  if you want to buy an ani cd, -buy this one first-.  every one of  her albums is great, but if my house were burning down, i would grab  &quot;clip&quot; before any of the others."))
(5.0, (u'B000005H4N', u"The album showcases Wayne Shorter as both composer and saxophonist. All of  the tunes except &quot;502 Blues&quot; and &quot;The Collector&quot; are  Shorter compositions. From the opening piano intro by Herbie Hancock and  bassist Reginald Workman on the opening title cut to the finale &quot;The  Collector&quot;, this is album is simply a mid-'60's jazz classic.The  opening cut &quot;Adam's Apple&quot; is a very innovative composition by  Shorter. Blues at the core, it moves up and down from slow and deliberate  to wild and frantic. The second cut &quot;502 Blues (Drinkin' and  Drivin')&quot; is not really a blues in the techinical sense, but it is one  of those tunes that when listened to through headphones is a sheer delight.  The sax work by Shorter and the Piano work by Hancock are superb. The  rhythm section of Workman and drummer Joe Chambers is excellent as well.The next cut, &quot;El Gaucho&quot; features a variety of  chord changes  and some fine comping from Hancock. &quot;Footprints&quot; follows. What  can I say? This tune has become a jazz standard. Played in six-eight time,  Shorter delivers some awesome sax on this cut. Hancock's piano and  Workman's bass solos are high articulate. A classic. You can find another  version of &quot;Footprints&quot; on &quot;Miles Smiles&quot; from the  Miles Davis Quintet which also features Shorter and Hancock.&quot;Footprints&quot; is followed by &quot;Teru&quot; a smooth, flowing  ballad with great work by both Shorter and Hancock. &quot;Chief Crazy  Horse&quot; showcases the work of Hancock and Chambers in a fine  way.&quot;The Collector&quot; is a tune written by Hancock which did not  appear on the original vinyl LP. The cut is a more &quot;progressive&quot;  or avante-garde than the rest of  the album. Still, it is an interesting  piece.&quot;Adam's Apple&quot; gives a great cross-section of what  Wayne Shorter can do with both his sax and his pen. A must-have for any  serious collector of 1960's jazz, especially the music from Blue Note  Records."))
(5.0, (u'B0000010UK', u"Wednesday, September 23, 1998Merle Travis inspired Chet Atkins, Doc  Watson, and hundreds of other guitar players and these guitar players often  influenced thousands, or hundreds of thousands of the younger guitar  players that are very popular today, and some that are just bar room  guitarists.  Before anyone else made the guitar popular as a solo  instrument that could stand alone, Merle Travis popularized the wondeful  instrument that is today the most popular of all musical  instruments.Though Merle was a great solo guitarist, he was also a  popular singer at one time. Around the end of world war two, Merle Travis  had a string of hits that were in the top 40 country charts, if there were  country charts in that time period.  In this album most of Merle's  popular  vocals are present. I bought this album and near wore it out.Both the  guitar playing and the singing are great. The songs on this album are what  catapulted Merle Travis to National fame, though he was well known to  guitar players long before these songs ever were recorded and released.Chet Atkins said he heard Merle Travis when he was a kid living on a  farm in Georgia. In the dialogue with Merle Travis on a record Chet and  Merle recorded together in later years, Chet said that when he first heard  Merle play guitar on the Radio, he wondered why all guitar players didn't  throw away their flat picks and play like Merle Travis. Doc Watson was so  taken with the guitar of Merle Travis that he named his son after the great  guitarist. Chet named his daughter after Merle. This is one of the greatest  compliments that one man can pay to another man.A great many of the  songs on this album would be novelty tunes.3. Smoke! Smoke! Smoke!  (That Cigarette)5. So Round, So Firm, So Fully Packed7. Divorce Me  C.O.D.  As a child we kids used to sing this on the school bus. We liked  the humorous words in it.9. Cincinnati Lou11. Fat Gal18. I Like  My Chicken Fryin' Size  19. When My Baby Double Talks To MeFor some unknown reason, solo guitarists love to do novelty songs, and  Merle was no different.  The above songs are all Novelty tunes. But Merle  always takes a great guitar break on them, and his guitar backing up  himself is unsurpassed.Merle did serious songs also, and wrote serious  songs.Songs like these below are standards that were done by big bands  in the 1930s and 1940s. They show how much of a musician Merle Travis was.  4. Lazy River23. I'll See You In My DreamsThe following cuts  are both humorous and Philosophical. They are great songs in the vocal and  instrumental area. You will love them.12. Re-Enlistment Blues24.  That's AllRe-Enlistment Blues was from the movie &quot;From here to  Eternity.&quot; It's a great piece of music.Merle learned to play guitar  thumb and finger style by watching Mose Reager and Ike Everyly. Ike Everyly  was the Father of the Famous Everyly Brothers. Both Mose and Ike were Coal  Miners who had learned to do their thumb and Finger Style Guitar by  Watching Black Country Blues Players, playing solo acoustic guitar in the  Hills of Kentucky.It seems near impossible that one could play all the  guitar parts that Merle Travis plays, using only his thumb and one finger,  but he did it. He plays Bass and Rhythm with his thumb. With one other  finger, his index finger, he played melody and harmony. Merle was a  complete orchestra with his guitar.This album, Titled &quot;Merle  Travis,&quot; is the most definitive of all the recordings ever made of  Merle Travis. He was at his height when it was recorded.Get it if you  love guitar.By Lee in Denver"))
(5.0, (u'B0000025A0', u"This CD could have also been titled, 'The Life &amp; Times of George &amp;  Tammy'.  Musically speaking, it's all here.  THE CEREMONY captures the near  sticky sweet love and honor that all their fans delighted in when they wed  in 1969.  WE LOVED IT AWAY shoves the painful reality into the spotlight  and brings back the disappointment we all felt when they divorced in 1975.  In between we find promises of trying (WE'RE GONNA HOLD ON) ... vows of  unending love (TAKE ME and NEAR YOU) ... laughter (GOD'S GONNA GET YOU FOR  THAT) and tears (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA).  Listening to their greatest duet  hits makes one meloncholy.  Oh, it's not the singers or the songs - both  shine on this greatest hits collection.  It's the recognition  that,especially with Wynette's recent death, a musical bookmark in country  music's history is gone and a time when we could cherish a &quot;Mr. &amp;  Mrs. Country Music&quot;.  A time when we all wished we were, indeed, not  the &quot;jet set&quot;, but instead the Jones and Wynette set"))
(5.0, (u'B000001E2Q', u'Every song on this disc is awesome. The grinding two guitar attack, the  heavy bass and drum backbeat and the screaming vocals and socially concious  lyrics make Downset one of the best underground hardcore bands. Their  lyrics speak out against racism (&quot;Anger,&quot; &quot;My American  Prayer,&quot;) and violence towards women, (&quot;Rape Ritual&quot;) as  well as other issues such as racial violence and govenment corruption. Best  tracks include &quot;Take em Out,&quot; &quot;American Prayer,&quot;  &quot;About to Blast&quot; and &quot;Breed the Killer.&quot; Listening to  this disc will make you truly aware and horrified at the injustices of the  world and the power of this band. Seeing them live is intense. Get this  disc. Every song rocks!'))
(5.0, (u'B0000031R8', u"Magia hecha m&uacute;sica. Siempre he dudado, ser&aacute; por algo, que los m&uacute;sicos  virtuosos no pueden hacer canciones que toquen el alma de la gente, puesto  que hay una barrera de tecnicismo o arrogancia que los separa del hombre  com&uacute;n. As&iacute;, es raro encontrar canciones llenas de sentimiento entre m&uacute;sicos  supervirtuosos. Esos raros casos podr&iacute;an ser From The Beginning y Lucky man  de Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer, e &quot;It's For You&quot;, de Metheny &amp;  Mays, que se encuentra en este disco. No es nuestra misi&oacute;n el conocer a qu&eacute;  se refieren Mays y Metheny con lo de Wichita y sus cataratas que caen al  mismo tiempo que la ciudad misma, pero si es el anunciar a los cuatro  vientos lo bueno que es este disco y su el tema t&iacute;tulo de mas de 20 minutos  de duraci&oacute;n. En September 15th, recuerdan al desaparecido pianista Bill  Evans con melod&iacute;as que arrancan l&aacute;grimas y suspiros melanc&oacute;licos. El &uacute;nico  punto relativamente alegre de este invernal disco es &quot;It's For  You&quot; que fue usada por el director Kevin Reynolds en la escena de  baile de la pel&iacute;cula Fandango, aprovechando el brillante solo de guitarra  el&eacute;ctrica que se pasea por los rasgueos de la guitarra ac&uacute;stica de 12  cuerdas. Mays apoya a Metheny en todo momento con su virtuosismo en las  teclas y Nana Vasconcelos completa el cuadro con su maravillosa y  embrujante voz carioca en Estupenda Graa, al igual que en los otros cuatro  temas. Maravilloso, ser&iacute;a el adjetivo"))
(5.0, (u'B000006P0F', u"There is no accounting for taste--I saw the same Portland show (with the-not-terribly-exciting Helium and F*ck) and thought they were amazingly good--vastly better than the last couple times I'd seen them.As for the album: they haven't been this exciting in ages. The best songs are the long ones: &quot;Karen Koltrane&quot; and &quot;Hits of Sunshine&quot; especially.  On the latter, they took a real chance, going for as long as they did and NOT going into overdrive (thereby disappointing the tens of thousands of fans who were waiting for them to rewrite &quot;Expressway to Yr. Skull&quot;), but they made it beautiful and hypnotic.  Even Kim's annoying post-ironic feminist lyrics failed to spoil the album for me."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UDG', u"Paul siempre fue el Beatle incomprendido; principalmente por los fans de  John Lennon. El fue el villano que adquiri&oacute; m&aacute;s acciones de las canciones  que John gracias al arreglo llevado a cabo por su suegro. Los discos de  John y Paul de inicios de los setenta manten&iacute;an la batalla con frasesitas  de ataque al rival y mucha creatividad. La ri&ntilde;a acab&oacute; a mediados de los  setenta. Parec&iacute;a que iban a mantener una rivalidad fraternal por bastante  tiempo pero un psic&oacute;pata (&iquest;seguro?) asesin&oacute; al beatle inteligente y dej&oacute; a  Paul como el miserable que debi&oacute; haber muerto.En 1987 Paul lanz&oacute; este  compilatorio con muy buenos resultados. Aunque no lleg&oacute; a estar en el top  ten americano, la colecci&oacute;n es realmente imprescindible para cualquier  fan&aacute;tico del &quot;beatle m&aacute;s guapo&quot;. Se incluye un nuevo single muy  sentimental sobre los recuerdos y la nostalgia hacia el pasado llamado Once  Upon A Long Ago y tambi&eacute;n las grabaciones con Stevie Wonder (la reflexiva  Ebony and Ivory) y Michael Jackson (Say Say Say, canci&oacute;n que en vez de  estar en el &aacute;lbum Pipes Of Peace debi&oacute; haber ido al Thriller, a cambio de  The Girl Is Mine). McCartney se arrepinti&oacute; con toda su alma de haber hecho  Say Say Say con Michael, al descubrir que el mentado &quot;rey del  pop&quot; lo utilizaba como ardid publicitario por haber comprado los  derechos de las canciones de Lennon y McCartney y demostraba las enormes  influencias y el poder que Jackson ten&iacute;a al lograr hacer duetos con un  ex-beatle. Thriller es el &aacute;lbum m&aacute;s vendido en la historia del rock, y  Jackson le debe de ese &eacute;xito mucho a McCartney con The Girl Is Mine que,  aunque figure como compuesta &uacute;nicamente por Jackson, tengo la certeza de  que fue un ingenuo regalo de Paul cuando no sospechaba la jugarreta. Los  &eacute;xitos rondan a montones por el &aacute;lbum y el escucharlos se torna placentero  y ameno. oir Listen To What The Man Said nos da aliento para seguir  adelante, con coraje,  con nuestros sue&ntilde;os e ideales. Neil Diamond dijo que  &eacute;sta era la mejor canci&oacute;n pop que se ha escrito jam&aacute;s; en lo cual quiz&aacute;s  tenga toda la raz&oacute;n. Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey, extra&iacute;da de su segundo  acetato Ram, tiene mucho del estilo que marc&oacute; la &uacute;ltima etapa de The  Beatles y nos lleva a la confirmaci&oacute;n de qui&eacute;n fue el verdadero cerebro de  los fab four, al menos entre 1967 y 1970 -John estaba demasiado sumergido  en &aacute;cido, en Yoko y en ideas pseudo-izquierdistas como para proponer ideas  claras-. Paul compone con un talento sobresaliente, lleno de fino  sentimiento, que sabe tocar las almas de los m&aacute;s sensibles y melanc&oacute;licos  oyentes (Maybe I'm Amazed, Another Day) y de los rockeros buscadores de  buenos temas para mover el esqueleto (Coming Up, Junior's Farm). Completan  esta formidable compilaci&oacute;n Band On The Run, Jet, Silly Love Songs, Let 'Em  In, My Love, Live And Let Die... en fin, todo lo que un hincha de McCartney  espera en una colecci&oacute;n, se encuentra en esta oportuna muestra de  diecisiete a&ntilde;os de carrera solista de Paul McCartney; carrera que seguir&iacute;a  dando &eacute;xitos y reconocimiento, aunque a una menor escala de ventas, con  &aacute;lbumes como Flowers in the Dirt (1989) y Off The Ground (1993), ambos con  sus respectivas giras y discos en vivo de ellas. Nota: Las versiones  americana e inglesa del &aacute;lbum var&iacute;an en las siguientes canciones: la  americana incluye Goodnight Tonight, Junior's Farm y la versi&oacute;n en vivo de  Coming Up; mientras que la inglesa incluye la versi&oacute;n en estudio de esta  &uacute;ltima, adem&aacute;s de Mull Of Kintyre, Maybe I'm Amazed y Once Upon A Long Ago.  Suponemos que Paul McCartney quizo agregar en cada versi&oacute;n alg&uacute;n &eacute;xito  adicional de acuerdo a las posiciones de los rankings de cada pa&iacute;s; d&aacute;ndole  un toque localista a cada CD, tal como lo hizo Stevie Wonder con su Song  Review (Motown, 1996) Creemos que lo mejor hubiera sido producir un solo CD  doble para todo el mundo, y evitarse confusiones.p.s: Paul, if you're  reading this, we're all very sorry about your lost. we're all very touched  and hurt.Love,Javier."))
(5.0, (u'B00000BKHW', u"Wow, this album rocks. I highly recommend it to all of you Cowboy Mouth  fans out there - especially those of you who don't own a Cowboy Mouth CD  yet - this is the best by far. Basically, it contains all the songs we've  heard for years at live shows, some stuff that was on former CD's, and some  of Fred's solo stuff - all reproduced in top quality, studio form. The best  thing, however, is that the boys have finally captured the energy of live  show on a studio produced CD - something they had trouble with before.  Anyway, enjoy."))
(5.0, (u'B000002KXV', u'La revista Rolling Stone afirm&oacute; que si el firmamento de la m&uacute;sica pop  fuera el anuario de la promoci&oacute;n de un high school, Donald Fagen podr&iacute;a  estar catalogado como el nerd m&aacute;s nerd, chanc&oacute;n cien por ciento y  antisocial, o el rebelde m&aacute;s incisivo y lleno de humor negro, sentado en el  fondo del sal&oacute;n, satirizando todo lo que ve. Definitivamente, Donald Fagen  es genial. M&aacute;s que como compositor o como m&uacute;sico, su genialidad radica en  su capacidad de arreglar los temas hasta supuestos niveles de perfecci&oacute;n  musical absoluta.Estos dos &aacute;lbumes pueden dar prueba de ello. Son los dos  trabajos solistas realizados despu&eacute;s de la ruptura en 1980 de Steely Dan;  el d&uacute;o (o mejor dicho, concepto musical) formado por Donald y Walter Becker  de 1972 a 1980. Donald, una especie de cient&iacute;fico loco en el mundo pop, el  cual necesita inversionistas que sepan arriesgar con sus temibles  proyectos, contrata al productor Gary Katz para su primera producci&oacute;n  solista: The Nightfly. El disco, estrenado en 1982, es un homenaje de Fagen  a su remota adolescencia en los suburbios de New York; a trav&eacute;s de varias  im&aacute;genes de la &eacute;poca de fines de los cincuenta e inicios de los sesenta que  lo influenciaron enormemente. La idea del concepto del &aacute;lbum es la de un  programa radial de madrugada, a cargo de un personaje llamado &quot;La  Mosca Nocturna&quot;. La Mosca nos asombra con sus profec&iacute;as sobre los  adelantos de la ciencia moderna y su repercusi&oacute;n en las vidas de los  ciudadanos comunes. En la madrugada hay alguien quien lo escucha y se  identifica fuertemente con &eacute;l a lo largo de la narraci&oacute;n. El caj&oacute;n  nost&aacute;lgico se abre con &quot;I.G.Y. (What A Beautiful World)&quot;, donde  el locutor predice que el mundo ver&aacute; la gigantesca rueda espacial  americana, donde se iniciar&aacute; la verdadera colonizaci&oacute;n espacial americana,  m&aacute;s veloz y eficiente que la de la Uni&oacute;n Sovi&eacute;tica -nostalgia de la Guerra  Fr&iacute;a-, la cual no tendr&aacute; chance alguna (a la larga no la tuvo ni con su  existencia misma. Este se&ntilde;or tuvo una visi&oacute;n prof&eacute;tica). Nos cuenta en  medio de nuestro asombro que tomar&aacute; 90 minutos viajar de New York a Par&iacute;s  en un avi&oacute;n supers&oacute;nico para pasajeros, mientras que la principal energ&iacute;a  del mundo ser&aacute; la del Sol, usada por todos los seres humanos. El futuro es  una imagen agradable y llena de sorpresas. Fagen invoca al esp&iacute;ritu de los  felices a&ntilde;os cincuenta, cuando el Rock and Roll estaba prohibido y la  Cacer&iacute;a de Brujas de McCarthy estaba en su m&aacute;ximo apogeo. A pesar de vivir  -o fingir- una infancia y/o adolescencia feliz, tambi&eacute;n salen a relucir  temores y frustraciones sobre la propia generaci&oacute;n. &quot;Green Flower  Street&quot; es la violenta avenida neoyorquina que muy pocos recuerdan,  llena de pandilleros como Marlon Brando y James Dean jugando a la muerte.  He aqu&iacute; la desmitificaci&oacute;n del sue&ntilde;o americano. Mientras los motociclistas  incendian los botes de basura y buscan putas, el t&iacute;mido protagonista se  encierra un d&iacute;a entero en un cuarto de un hotel con una dulce chica -al  igual de temerosa que &eacute;l- que lo saca de la realidad haci&eacute;ndole sentir  tranquilo. T&iacute;pico individualismo de la d&eacute;cada feliz. Para las decepciones  amorosas de la &eacute;poca, qu&eacute; mejor -habra pensado el autor- que utilizar un  tema propio de dicha &eacute;poca; sacarlo del polvoriento ba&uacute;l de recuerdos de su  mente. Fagen desempolva y limpia un bello tema de Leiber y Stoller,  &quot;Ruby Baby&quot; famosos compositores de rockabilly de los cincuenta,  que dieron grandes &eacute;xitos a Elvis Presley y a otros. Aqu&iacute; Fagen muestra su  admiraci&oacute;n por aquel par de compositores que quiz&aacute;s haya estado imitando  con su colega Becker en Steely Dan. &quot;Maxine&quot; es su novia del  colegio, atrevida y desenfadada como ella sola. Aqu&iacute; el narrador es un  verdadero rebelde sin causa del amor. Planean una hu&iacute;da a M&eacute;xico y de ah&iacute;  empezar su vida instal&aacute;ndose en Manhattan, lejos de las severas leyes  morales que los reprimen en los suburbios. Vaya, con este tema Fagen s&iacute; se  puso realmente nost&aacute;lgico; pero cambia de humor repentinamente con  &quot;New Frontier&quot;, una canci&oacute;n muy animada sobre el futuro, a pesar  de referirse a un s&oacute;tano en la casa donde estar&aacute;n seguros en caso de guerra  nuclear. Lo tiene todo preparado y calculado para su maravilloso porvenir  que nunca lleg&oacute;: Viajar a Europa, estudiar dise&ntilde;o, ser alguien. &iquest;Se estar&aacute;  quejando de la mala jugada del destino? Fagen suelta un gui&ntilde;o a Dave  Brubeck, famoso pianista de jazz, utilizando una rubia fan&aacute;tica de por  medio. Brubeck debi&oacute; haberle devuelto el favor. &quot;The Nightfly&quot; es  la voz del locutor en la madrugada recordando amores pasados y recibiendo  llamadas somnolientas. &quot;The Goodbye Look&quot; es la noche de la  revoluci&oacute;n en La Habana. La Mosca Nocturna y su chica (el h&eacute;roe y su  doncella, el poeta y su musa) no llegan a escapar de Cuba y se encuentran  con la tropa de fusilamiento. &quot;Lev&aacute;ntate, querida, tocan la puerta. El  coronel est&aacute; parado bajo el sol, con su cara est&uacute;pida, sus lentes y el  arma&quot;. Por supuesto que el final inconcluso nos hace saber que era un  sue&ntilde;o de verano. El disco se cierra con una canci&oacute;n que merece un 20 de  nota en un ex&aacute;men del colegio del jazz, &quot;Walk Between Raindrops&quot;:  la despedida con una sonrisa a Miami; una ciudad de la cual se ocupar&aacute;  bastante. Despu&eacute;s de esas ocho canciones, lo &uacute;nico que uno puede hacer es  pararse y aplaudir. Hay muy pocos &aacute;lbumes conceptuales que llegan a formar  una idea tan clara de hacia donde apuntan y a la vez tan difusa en ideas.  Un conjunto de canciones del pasado, que lo rememoran con nostalgia y a la  vez satirizan y critican por lo convencional. Amor y odio a la vez a los  recuerdos... Bueno, despu&eacute;s de todo, lo mejor que nos pudo haber pasado es  la juventud.'))
(5.0, (u'B000009CZP', u"When George Jones signed to EPIC Records at the prodding of then wife  Tammy Wynette and her producer, Billy Sherrill, country music history as  well as HITS-history was made.  Epic now offers some of the biggest from  this pairing.  Listeners will find ten times the emotion in Jones' original  A PICTURE OF ME (WITHOUT YOU) than there was in the Lorrie Morgan cover and  they will also delight in early 70's hits such as THESE DAYS, THE GRAND  TOUR and WHAT MY WOMAN CANT DO.  Included is a song that many consider to  be the greatest country song of all time, HE STOPPED LOVING HER TODAY.  After listening to this CD, you will know why Jones is a living legend and  you will realize that they don't make them like this guy anymore .. and  what he does to a country song hasn't been done like this since!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009E8G', u"Those of you familiar with Sloan will love this album.  It transcends any  earlier work, expanding even more from their guitar pop roots.  Navy Blue  is like One Chord to Another in its catchiness, but is different with songs  like Sinking Ships and Chester the Molester.  You can also crank up the  volume and put on the air guitar for songs like Money City Maniacs and On  the Horizon.  Not many bands create records where every song is on my  playlist, but Navy Blues is such an album, much like One Chord to Another.  There isn't another band that equals the pop abilities of Sloan.  If you  like bands like the Gladhands or any 60's or 70's rock, this album will put  a really big smile on your face."))
(5.0, (u'B000009QA8', u"&quot;The Key&quot; consists of beautifully written traditional country  music, composed and sung by the great talent that is Vince Gill.  If you  hearken to the &quot;good old days&quot; of country music, this album has  it all...the snappy beat, the mournful sadness, the innoncence of youth,  and the yearning and search for love. Vince Gill is an unequalled  songwriter and a talented musician, blessed with a sweet, full voice that  could only have come from the angels on high! Thanks to Vince's magic, we  have been blessed with &quot;The Key,&quot; and thanks to his father, we  have been blessed with the talent that is Vince Gill.  Buy &quot;The  Key&quot; if you want to experience true country music from a true country  artist.  You won't be disappointed!"))
(5.0, (u'B000009QKA', u'As a fan who has followed Jeff Johnson since the early 90\'s, I missed his vocals on "The Bard and The Warrior" and was glad to see them return on this album.  Jeff is only artist I know of who can fuse poetry and music and not compromise either, but create something even more compelling."Prayers of St. Brendan" by Jeff Johnson and Brian Dunning is as good as any they have recorded so far.  The production is definately the best of any of their previous. This album is far better than the average Keltic music recording.  I\'m sure that more people will now recognize his talent and he will finally recieve some well-deserved attention.'))
(5.0, (u'B000002RSK', u"I will always remember the day I watched the premiere of Sir Paul  McCartney's Liverpool Oratorio on PBS. Of course I was a Beatle fan since  the early '60s, indeed I followed Paul's career long after The Beatles'  split. But one of the greatest joy was to witness this natural artistic  evolution. Having myself followed the intricaties of pop music from the  early Beatles to Tyrannosaurus Rex and Police, from Jimi Hendrix to Amazing  Blondel and Steely Dan, from Cream to Bob Dylan and Sarah McClauhclan, from  Tim Buckley to Frank Zappa and Manhattan Transfer, and the list goes on and  on... one only wishes to take rest after 30 years of music exploration.  What more soothing than getting back to a little classical music. And  suddenly realizing that your very first idol does the same, goes even  further and compose an oratorio starring Dame Kiri Te Kanawa, Jerry Hadley,  Sally Burgess and Willard White with the help of conductor and composer  Carl Davis. And all through this most impressive work the music breathes  with freshness and wonderful melodies without neglecting the orchestra and  choirs' possibilities. Pop or 'classical', Sir Paul McCartney is certainly  one of 20th Century's most prominent composers. &quot;Not for ourselves,  but for the whole world were we born. And we were born in  Liverpool...&quot; Paul McCartney"))
(5.0, (u'B000005E4J', u'Edward Higgenbottom is no shrinking violet!  Indeed, with the production  of Agnus Dei, Agnus Dei II and Nativitas, he has brought the wonderful  choir of men and boys called The Choir of New College, Oxford (England) to  the forefront of attention.  Despite efforts to destroy this form of  tradition as &quot;elitist,&quot; Dr. Higgenbottom has proved the point:  an excellent choir of men and boys must be cherished, and in this  particular case, praised.One wonders, when listening to this album,  whether the composers of the works represented ever heard their  &quot;musical children&quot; performed with such polish, such musicianship,  such love.  My favorite selection, a difficult decision to be sure, is the  Mendelssohn &quot;Hear My Prayer,&quot; sung by treble soloist Thomas  Herford with rare beauty of voice and an investment of appropriate emotion  that separates his singing from that of contemporary boy sopranos.My  only quibble is with the subtitle: &quot;music of inner harmony,&quot;  which sounds a bit New Age, which is totally unnecessary, it seems to me,  and which may even be misleading to some.  The music is the thing here.I  join other reviewers in highly recommending this CD, and as said  previously, just turn it on, and let it play!'))
(5.0, (u'B0000024F7', u"This is absolutely one of my favorite choral CDs.  The choir does so many  things so well. Diction and intonation are uniformly excellent, and above  all the musical phrasing is exquisite throughout. If you like English  carols, you really owe it to yourself to get this recording.Note that  there are two CDs on this recording--you get more than your money's worth  of music.  (I should point out that the choir does abbreviate some of the  longer hymns--&quot;Once in Royal David's City&quot; gets cut down to three  verses, for example--which I find slightly annoying but others may  appreciate.) There is a variety of musical styles, including several hymns  with descants, a little bit of Bach and some modern carol settings. There  are a few organ solo pieces as well, though these are quite short.I give  this recording my very highest recommendation."))
(5.0, (u'B000001F7M', u"Nana Mouskouri gives us an intelligent and sensitive interpretation of old  French songs. The songs are lyrical and in some cases, haunting. (I have  played this music for teenagers who were also impressed and moved by it.)Actually, it was Nana's rendition of &quot;Pauvre Reutebeuf&quot;, which  I heard on Karl Haas' Adventures in Good Music, that introduced me to Nana  Mouskouri and made me an instant fan. Mr. Haas' point was that this music  epitomizes the French spirit. It helps, but is not mandatory, to understand  French to get the most out of this album. However the music is so powerful  and honest that it transcends language. (Lyrics are included.) My life  would be a lot poorer without this album."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LOT', u"The Ocean Blue's &quot;Cerulean&quot; is a dreamy, sort of surrealistic  sound.  Sometimes, I didn't even know it was playing until I focused in on  it.  The whole album's music flows and is extremely laid back.  None of the  songs are fast-paced or metal--&quot;Mercury&quot; is about as fast-paced  as it gets on this album.The Ocean Blue is very easy to listen to,  especially this album; however, do not confuse easy to listen to with  muzac.  They are comparable to Love Spirals Downwards as far as  flowing/relaxing...but maybe a bit more upbeat than Love Spirals Downwards  title &quot;Ever.&quot;  If you like to sit back and enjoy the ride, this  is a good album to buy."))
(5.0, (u'B0000018WA', u"These guys are really good.  I saw them here in Laramie, Wyoming, and boy,  was that a good show.  They played in my friends garage, aka the  &quot;Hickey House&quot; and they too, seemed to enjoy themselves.  They  have a cool van, too, it looks like a Bud Light van.  This isn't the same  cd I heard, but I'm sure that it's good. cause these guys rock.  They are  coming back soon, so maybe I'll write another review about that show.  But  for those who think there is no hardcore scene in Wyoming, think again, or  just ask REO, ALL, or UNSANE.  They've all played here."))
(5.0, (u'B00000346A', u"One of the absolute best albums I have heard in my lifetime, and one of  the only albums to have struck me as &quot;You NEED to buy this!&quot; when  I heard it.  From tracks that rock AND make you smile like &quot;Whole Lot  of Women&quot; to spiritual tracks like &quot;Who Do You Love&quot; to even  sad tracks like &quot;Happy Hour&quot; and &quot;Sorry You're Sick.&quot;  If you like an album that can really pull all sorts of emotion right out of  you, from the happy to the sad to the spiritual high, this is THE album to  buy.  Even if you don't, give it a listen and you'll realize you can't live  without it anyway. :)  Excellent album--12 stars!"))
(5.0, (u'B000001SO6', u"This album is an excellent collection of boychoir singing (SSAA), and  should belong in every serious choral lover's collection.To those who  are familiar with the canons of Mozart, both sacred and profane, the  surface simplicity covers extremely difficult vocal-choral problems to  solve.  Maestro Schmidt-Gaden is able to overcome balance between soprano  sections and alto sections, for example, because of hours spent in training  ALL voices to sing to the highest, as well as the lowest notes.  Thus,  unlike other choirs performing these canons, he is able to keep his regular  choral sections intact, and not mix each section with a blend of soprano  and alto voices.  The blend comes from the entire 36 voice choir, a true  feat of musicianship and dedication to the music.The canons recorded in  this album are: Alleluia, Ave Maria, Lacrimoso son'io, Nascoso e il mio  sol, Caro bell' idol mio, Difficile lectu mihi Mars, G'rechtelt's enk, Gehn  wir im Prater, Lieber Freistaedler, O du eselhafter Martin, and Bona nox,  bist a rechter Ox.One might criticize the scattalogical text content in  the final six selections, which evoke a Mozart ala &quot;Amadeus.&quot;  But one cannot fault the singing!The Mendelssohn motets: Veni Domine,  Laudate pueri and Surrexit pastor bonus, offer any fan of boychoir art a  thrilling excursion into music written by the 17-year-old Felix for a choir  of Italian nuns.  However, it is difficult to believe that he would have  passed on this performance.  Incredibly well sung, rich in vowel color and  word painting (a specialty of Schmidt-Gaden's).Highly recommended, and  difficult to find!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000285Z', u"This CD is a re-release of Petra's first album - digitally remastered for  CD. This was a landmark album, in that it was done at a time when rock  music was not considered a medium for Christian Music.Even so, the music  is great! Their musical variety is shown in various tracks - from the  straight ahead 'Walkin' in the Light' to the ballad 'Mountains and  Valleys', a country &amp; western rockabilly 'Lucas McGraw' (a must hear),  to the 'Backsliding Blues'No Petra collection would be complete without  this album as few, if any, of these songs have ever been re-released on any  Petra compilation (War &amp; Remembrance, Petra means Rock, Petrafied,  etc.)Petra fan"))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"Having been a Tori Amos fan for the last eight years or so I can honestly  say that this is one of her best C.D.'s.  She has the passion back in her  voice and the meaningfulness back in her lyrics.  I was a bit disappointed  overall with her &quot;Boys for Pele&quot; album, so this is a wonderful  reassurance that she is still what I always thought that she  was...&quot;Amazing&quot;.  I highly recommend the tracks &quot;Rasberry  Swirl&quot; and &quot;Jackie's Strength&quot;, especially for new  listeners.  She is trying a new sound in &quot;Rasberry Swirl&quot; and  it  is indicative of her seemingly endless talent."))
(5.0, (u'B0000072HY', u"Fred Neil hails from Florida. In the early 1960s he appeared on the New  York folk scene, teaming with Vince Martin for his earliest recordings but  soon going solo. This was Fred's first recording on Capitol (original  title: &quot;Fred Neil&quot;), and it's a showcase not only of his fine  guitar strumming and arrangements but also of one of the richest voices  ever to grace the grooves cut in vinyl. There is beauty and depth here.  Numerous rock artists heard and were influenced by Fred Neil, including  Harry Nilsson (of course) and Jefferson Airplane. The covers were good, but  the original is still the best. No serious collection of pop music can be  considered complete without this record in it."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AGAY', u"Being a huge Marilyn Manson fan, I must admit that my first listen to  &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; was accompanied by sweaty palms and a  pounding heart.  I was so used to the styles of &quot;Portrait of an  American Family&quot; and &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; that the  antipated musical changes got me more than a little nervous.  But I had  faith in this  wonderfully talented and honest band, ordering my copy of  &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; weeks in advance.  And saying that it blew  me away would be a major understatement.  In that first listen, my sweaty  palms and pounding heart quickly turned to goose-bumps and streaming tears,  for the raw emotion of this album sucked me in immediately.  &quot;MA&quot;  shows what a truly sensitive and compassionate man Mr. Manson has always  been, and now, on his third full-length album, he is revealing his heart to  his fans, his detractors, and most of all to himself.  It is a beautiful  album with a refreshing balance of melodic soul-baring and funky rock n'  roll rhythms.  &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; weaves a magical spell, one  that keeps its grip around your heart long after the last song has ended.  I believe Marilyn Manson to be one of the best bands on the music scene  today, and if you listen to this album with an open mind, I am sure that  you will too..."))
(5.0, (u'B000000H1L', u"A German band..(they sing in English..very well) somewhat in the sound  realms of Love Like Blood (hardly), Dreadful Shadows have an original  approach to Gothic Rock with proverbial deep brooding vocals. Concentrating  on musicianship as much as the occasional synth on &quot;Burried  Again&quot;,  The sound is full, rich, and layered.  This entire album  flows; as if the songs were meant to be played in the order they chose.  An  emotional rollercoaster, tracing the lines of love , darkness, humanity;  fate, strength and futility.  From the slow, beautiful, and haunting  &quot;Obituary&quot; to the moving piano and guitar backed &quot;Racking  Call&quot;.  One of the few bands in the 90's gothic rock genre with a full  album... that have held my attention...and CD player hostage for months at  a time."))
(5.0, (u'B000000BE4', u"For those people who are stressed out at any one point in their lives,  they should look into this CD on the Projekt label.  Projekt has published  some very off-the-wall, not very well-known stuff in the past, but Love  Spirals Downwards makes an album that anyone can enjoy.  Like most Projekt  titles, this one doesn't get the publicity it so rightly deserves.This  album is comparable to James Iha's &quot;Let It Come Down&quot; as far as  relaxation is concerned.  Each track flows, giving the listener a sense of  floating, even euphoria.  At some points the album seems to get Gregorian  Chantish in a way, except there are no monks and no droning--just the two  beautiful voices of Suzanne Perry and Ryan Lum.  A quality album with  quality music...just buy it. :)"))
(5.0, (u'B00000AEQ6', u"Unlike Mould's last self-titled &quot;Hubcap&quot; effort, &quot;The Last  Dog &amp; Pony Show&quot; seizes my attention from the opening song.  Bob  with a cello?  You bet, and it works quite well on the haunting &quot;New  #1&quot;.  This disc seems to be the most radio receptive of Bob's recent  solo career, plenty of hooks and catches, yet he fails to let down true  Mould fans with his typical trademark introspective, parable centered  lyrics.  Matt Hammon's drumming on this record adds the necessary element  to make each song fully satisfying, a void filled as the result of a  spartan drum kit on Hubcap.If the opening riff of  &quot;Skintrade&quot; evokes similiarities to the Foo Fighter's &quot;There  Goes My Hero,&quot; give Bob the benefit of the doubt.  Dave Grohl, though  a younger and more successful pop punker, is still merely the evolution of  what Bob created years ago in Minneapolis.  Grohl writes catchy songs and  videos that make money on MTV but we do not see the brilliant storytelling  and consistent inventiveness and ingenuity that Mould achieves album to  album.Therein lies the artistic freedom Mould enjoys; &quot;Hubcap&quot;  may have been much more satisfying for him to make than &quot;LDAPS&quot;  but this effort will surely sell more copies.  It doesn't make any  difference to him, he writes how he feels, but &quot;LDAPS&quot; certainly  will relate to both hardcore and new Mould fans quite a bit more. Longtime  Mould fans respect all of what he has produced in the past, but if we have  to see him fade out into the sonic night, this is how we want to envision  it.At the end of &quot;Vaporub&quot; he writes:  &quot;Wouldn't want  to make you think you haven't found a way to me...&quot;He certainly  makes that case in The Last Dog and Pony Show.  This is as inviting as Bob  Mould will ever get, so don't miss the oportunity to crash his small  bandwagon why you still have the chance."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AFDW', u"Awesome to hear KISS again.  Same old format, One Ace song, one for Peter,  and the rest split between Gene and Paul.  &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; jumps  out at you but listen thru a few times and you'll find &quot;We Are  One&quot; and &quot;Into the Void&quot; grow on you fast.  Same old Ace  licks, messin w/ his pickup switch, and the old sound we got used to as  kids.  Some of the songs are cheesy and formula (&quot;Raise your  glasses&quot; sounds like it should go with highlight clips at the end of  the superbowl) but if you are an old KISS fan this CD is a cool drink of  water.  Get it."))
(5.0, (u'B0000025HU', u'Can you believe that was the tag line for many of the band\'s record ads in the early 80s? Who came up with that? It\'s still true.... Sure call me nostalgic... but the apocalyptic propulsion of the song "London Calling" is beyond all sentiment, all cheap "punk rock" revivalism--it ushered in a new way of hearing rock music. Long before Paul Simon\'s "Graceland" and rap, before Rancid, Green Day and Sublime (bleh!), before hardcore and World Music, before MTV and politcal correctness, Buzz Clips and CD\'s, before the anguish of Cobain and Vedder, the Clash were the band who forged boldly ahead into vast musical landscapes, political loggerheads, and the role of the pop star in a sterile social climate.Leaving behind the one-dimensional fury of 70s punk but not its creative, and often times violent, energy and passion, the Clash created a double-album (to the dismay of their record company CBS) of such imagination, ferocity, playfulness, and integrity that I stand chilled and in awe before it. Rank this one with "Highway 61 Revisited," "Exile on Main St," "Sgt Pepper" and "Raw Power" as one of those pieces of popular art possessed by undeniable genius, shattering all boundaries and leaving many to gape dumbfounded in its wake.I love "Rudie Can\'t Fail" with is irresistable rhythm and heartfelt, plaintive, postmodern chorus: "I went to the market to realize my soul/But what I need I just don\'t have...." How about the romanticism of "Spanish Bombs"? One of my top three fave Clash songs ever, and these lines that break my heart every time: "Spanish bombs shatter the hotels/My seniorita\'s rose was nipped in the bud." The raw rockabilly of "Brand New Cadillac"... the Phil Spector-esque "Card Cheat"... the trashy reggae of "Revolution Rock"...the satire of yuppie coke addiction and consumer culture in "Koka Kola"... the mythologising of "Death or Glory"... the sensitive pop of "Lost in the Supermarket"... the exquisite classic "Train in Vain".... The anti-establishment critique of "Clampdown":("Kick over the wall/Cause governments to fall/ How can you refuse it?/Let fury have the hour/Anger can be power/Didja know that you can use it?"This is rock\'n\'roll dizzy with its own creative forces, all wrapped up in a fabric of American influences, as well as the too-often overlooked reggae flavors: the Clash conquered rock for the eighties, paving the way for bands like U2 and Public Enemy, trying to steal airwaves away from the phoniness of Aerosmith (ironic, huh? The Clash long gone, while that travesty shambles on, the result of consumer demographics and millions of dollars worth of video lighting, record production, and plastic surgery), injecting rock with a fierce political stance, sometimes confused, sometimes idealistic, sometimes too complex for mass consumption, sometimes brilliantly condensed....I could go on forever about what makes the Clash the greatest of all British rock bands since the Stones. Two years in a row they won the Village Voice polls for best album (this one and "Sandinista!") and today you\'d be hard-pressed to find anyone who could name a song by them other than "Rock the Casbah" or "Should I Stay." I\'m so bored with the USA indeed... Buy this album if you care at all about vision, integrity, creativity, and fighting oppression in music. "London Calling." The Clash. No reunion tour. Think about it.'))
(5.0, (u'B0000032OR', u"Billy Vera captures a wide range of styles in this remarkable collection  of tunes.  &quot;Strange Things Happen&quot; finds Billy kickin' back and  beltin' in out.  And, Skunk Baxter's pedal steel artistry is at its peak.  (Skunk, who had a hand in producing the CD, &quot;puts the pedal down&quot;  on &quot;Millie Make Me Some Chilli&quot;, proof that Billy can indeed  interpret C&amp;W as Billy Vera, not an imitation of someone else.If you  like live recordings, you'll think you're there in LA when Billy recorded  this one.  And, for those of us who weren't, we can only hope there'll be a  next time!"))
(5.0, (u'B000000HLS', u"I've been a Meat Loaf fan since 1993's Bat Out Of Hell II: Back Into Hell.  After listening to my friend's copy on the bus one day (I was 13), I was  hooked on the artist.  I bought Bat 2 the next day and Bat 1 the day after.  Over the next few weeks I collected every Meat Loaf album available.  I  thought I would never so proud as I was on the day that I found and bout a  collectors edition of Bat 2.  Then I got to go to one of his concerts.  I'd  been told beforehand that he put on a spectacular show--and I'd been told  right.  If  I hadn't been so excited about finally seeing Meat Loaf live in  concert for the Orlando part of his Everything Louder tour, I would have  slept through the opening act. The nosebleed seats we had made it nearly  impossible to clearly see the stage, but I saw enough to be completely and  totally blown away.  The next day, however, I realized I probably would  never again have the experience of seeing him in concert again; I found  myself wishing I'd smuggled in a tape recorder.  Then, just a few years  later, lo and behold! A live album! And it wonderfully captures the spirit  of Meat Loaf's live concerts. I just wish everyone could see the bat on the  stage in &quot;Bat out of Hell&quot;.This album is a must-buy for any  Meat Loaf fan, whether you've seen him in concert and want to relive the  experience or if  you've never seen him live before (even on VH1) and you  want a chance to get an idea of what I'm yapping about.  BUY  IT!!!!!!!!!!!!P.S. Any serious Meat Loaf fans out there, drop me a line."))
(5.0, (u'B000003751', u"While I have not listened to this particular recording of Soldier's Tale,  it is one of my favorite 'classical' pieces.  It is the story of a soldier  who, while on leave from the army, trades his soul (represented by a  violin) to the devil in exchange for a book that tells the future, allowing  him to become rich from of the stock market.  But the soldier can't read  and the devil can't play the violin.  They agree to exchange knowledge over  the course of a fortnight in the devil's domain so the soldier will have  time with his sweetheart. Except that the four days turns out to be four  years. He looses his fiance, his mother thinks he's a ghost, so he turns to  the book to make a new life. There follow more adventures and  confrontations with the devil. I love this especially for the way the music  tells the details of the story, the booming drums as the devil and as the  march of progress and greed, and the violin as the soldier's soul, rousing  a sleeping princess, mourning his lost love, fighting the devil in a dance  to the death.  The soldier's reprising march is rousing and upbeat, and  though I don't like the way the story ends plotwise, the devil's triumphant  march is one of the most varied and exciting parts of the ballet."))
(5.0, (u'B000009SFI', u"Many people may be asking themselves where white town disappeared to after  the &quot;success&quot; of Your Woman.  Well the answer is Norwich where  Jyoti continues writing such perfect pop as the title track on this  &quot;no-longer-eligible-for-a-chart-placing&quot; e.p.  If you liked the  combination of catchy pop and passionate, erudite lyrics on Women in  Technology then this is a safe buy, fulfilling and surpassing expectations  while insisting you don your Boogie Shoes (preferably pink).  I Ain't  Commercial should satisfy the curiosity of anyone who may have spotted the  absence of a particular corporate logo.(and it rocks!)  In case you're not  intrigued by my description, consider the fact that this is by far the best  record in memory to contain squeaky, farty noises!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000060CN', u"Included on this wonderful CD of less-familiar works of this great  composer is Respighi's own piano transcription of certain of the  &quot;Ancient Airs and Dances&quot;.  These are performed by Konstantin  Scherbakov, a 36-year old Siberian, in virtuoso style.  He handles  Respighi's dense writing easily and it often seems as if he is playing with  more than two hands.  All of the orchestral &quot;instruments&quot; can be  heard coming from the keyboard.One other interesting work is Respighi's  &quot;Three Preludes in Gregorian Style&quot;.  They were composed after  Respighi's wife interested him in the Gregorian modes.  These preludes were  later orchestrated by the composer to form the first three movements of his  &quot;Church Windows&quot;.Other pieces on this CD are equally as  interesting, and all evidence the quality of Respighi's work - dancelike  forms, quasi-operatic melodies and lushness.  A great buy!"))
(5.0, (u'0005119367', u"TNT has put together a surprisingly good account of the Biblical story of  Joseph, betrayed into slavery in Egypt by his jealous brothers.  Martin  Landau as Jacob and Ben Kingsley as Potiphar give their usual first-rate  performances, with the role of Joseph also well-acted.  Leslie-Anne Warren is  the lustful wife of Potiphar, who unsuccessfully tries to seduce Joseph,  and lands him in the Pharoah's prison.  This film offers a very credible  depiction of life in the ancient Near East, from the desert tents of the  Hebrews, to the claustrophobic walled towns like Sichem, to the lushness of  civilized Egypt and the Pharoah's court. The film is faithful to the  Biblical account, and succeeds in making it come alive on the screen.  A  well-acted, well-scripted, and entertaining film.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B0000048CX', u"This is a beautiful record.Although this CD consists mainly of covers,  it remains lush and atmospheric, and very original.  This record is  beautiful, and will be considered so for a long time. The track, 'What  Comes Next' is what Luscious Jackson will be aspiring to for the rest of  their careers.  Other tracks, like 'Andalucia', and 'What Can I Say' are a  bit more quaint and inviting, but few will argue that retro-rock doesn't  get much better than this.If this is your first listen to Yo La Tengo,  it will be misleading; subsequent CDs such as 'Painful' and 'Electr-O-Pura'  are much more hard- edged and raw.  'Fakebook' will also get you there, and  in a much more tender and engaging way.For 'Yo La Tengo' fans new and  old, this is an important recording."))
(5.0, (u'B000000ZAI', u"&quot;To My Queen,&quot; (1962), Dickerson's fourth recording for the  Prestige label's New Jazz imprint, features the vibes player in a quartet  setting (not a trio, as indicated by Amazon's listing). The adventurous  band includes Chicago pianist Andrew Hill, bassist George Tucker and the  great Andrew Cyrille on drums (one of his frst recordings). The set is  remarkable for its title composition which runs for 20 minutes and is  episodic in its compositional scale; there is nothing else in modern jazz  like it. Dickerson was at this time just beginning to exhibit the influence  of John Coltrane; he remains to this day the leading example of the  Coltrane ethos in his approach to improvisation. This is a must-have  recording for all serious jazz enthusiasts!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000202W', u"I don't know that I can add much more to the review from Dirty Linen.  It's everything that their review says it is.  Her songs are  introspective  and intelligent.  They are very easy to relate to, and well written.  The  song &quot;In This Room&quot;, about the death of a lover, will break your  heart.  It's one of the sweetest, saddest songs I've ever heard.  &quot;One  Step At A Time&quot; is hopeful song about love and building relationships.  &quot;Little Box&quot; is about feeling trapped within yourself and  learning that you have the key to free yourself inside of you.  I won't  write specifically about the other songs on the CD, although I love them  all.  The romantic &quot;True Gentleman&quot; is a favourite.  These are  truly wonderful songs about being human and about having a heart with all  the hurt, healing, and hope that comes with it."))
(5.0, (u'B000003327', u"I learned that lyrics mattered when I found Jim Carroll for the first time  with People Who Died and It's Too Late.  This CD includes his best know  songs and a pile of songs that deserve to be heard.  For something new, Jim  Carroll fans can take a listen to his live version of City Drops Into the  Night or the previously unreleased Differing Touch.  New fans should take a  listen to Lorraine, Catholic Boy, or Jelous Twin.  This CD is a feast for  the ears and mind and the inclusion of lyrics in the liner notes is a real  plus.  If you've wondered whether Jim had more songs beyond People Who  Died, the answer is yes, and hear they are."))
(5.0, (u'B000001OUK', u"I stole this album 30 years ago from my brother and played it so much I  wore it out. I was surprised to find it at Amazon . I bought three copies  to give away. I was thrilled to find not only the 12 cuts on the  original  but 14 more on the one CD. The new songs are as good as the first 12. If I  only got to have five albums, this would be one of them. Folk music lovers  will love this recording. The strong  vocals and harmonies of Joe and Eddie  are the best of any other folk singers or popular groups of the 60's. This  album is a must."))
(5.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"From the Choirgirl Hotel, Tori's newest installment in a line of albums  that rivits the listener to his/her chair, shows the great bounds this  artist has taken since &quot;Y Kan't Tori Read&quot;.  This album is just  one more step up the ladder of Tori greatness with it haunting and  compelling lyrics brought to life as only Tori's beautiful voice could.  This album is not the broken hearted teen's diary that was &quot;Little  Earthquakes&quot; but a matured life is rough, but I'm tougher woman who is  giving it her all.  I highly recommend this album, if you didn't like  &quot;Little Earthquakes&quot;, couldn't stand &quot;Under the Pink&quot;,  and drew the line at &quot;Boys for Pele&quot;, I still advise checking  this one out, its your lose if you blow this one off as just one more Tori  Amos CD, it is anything but."))
(5.0, (u'B000007Q8J', u"The last few years have seen country music develop into a lot of sameness.  Many young men who look and sound a like. They sing songs you instantly  forget. The best of country music is now being produced by the female  singers; Patty Loveless, Wyonna, to name two. Lucinda Williams should join  this group with her album which goes more to the roots of country music.  Many of her songs should qualify as a #1 on the radio stations; Car Wheels  on a Gravel Road; I Lost It; Greenville; Jackson; Try to find one of these  being played on the radio. You won't. What a Shame. County Radio repeats  the sameness noted above. Lucinda--I can't wait to catch you in person."))
(5.0, (u'B00000DAG8', u"Son Volt is one band that really TESTS its fans. To see them in a live  show is like watching a band that seems perpetually on downers. However,  what SV and Wilco have done since the demise of the mythic Uncle Tupelo is  to keep the dream alive. SV's &quot;Trace&quot; contained classic  folk/country numbers like &quot;Tear Stained Eye&quot;, an homage to the  citizens of Ste. Genevieve, MO, and those who fought the Great Flood of  1993. However, the rock numbers had less of an edge than those on UT  albums. Son Volt toured several times, and while not all that exciting,  their music wraps up anyone seeing the show into an almost religious fervor  over the most simple elements of rock and roll. &quot;Straightaways&quot;  was quite a dud, and many fans worried that Jay Farrar was becoming too  maudlin or something. The rock numbers lacked any punch, and the folk  numbers were somewhat weak and aimless. The length of the album left much  to be desired, as well.Now, &quot;Wide Swing Tremolo&quot; comes out  swinging quite well. Jay has picked up where &quot;Chickamauga&quot; and  &quot;Fifteen Keys&quot; left off. On &quot;Straightface&quot; the vocal is  drenched in reverb, with a strong kick to the guitar lines. &quot;Medicine  Hat&quot; is derived from the Alberta city, but refers to a more emotional  context. It is one of the more catchy songs, as is &quot;Question,&quot;  which has a rather heavy sounding guitar passage. The folk numbers are much  more 'gothic', with several sound experiments peppering the track line-up.People had wondered if Wilco would be heir apparent to UT's leagcy, but  with this wonderful effort, Jay Farrar will continue to hold the banner of  the link to rock and country's past. This is Jay's most direct homage to  Neil Young, The Byrds and to Big Star. This is not a bad thing as it has  the danger to be. Personally Son Volt should've done &quot;Mermaid  Avenue&quot; with Wilco as a UT reunion album. Imagine how good it wouldve  been."))
(5.0, (u'B000008DKN', u"Ignore everything the critic said above.  It's crap.  If you want to know  more about it, find the Blue Oyster Cult fan club and read the faq file.  But the music on this album is amazing. . . you won't regret a dime you  spend on it.  Every song sounds as though a lifetime was spent on it.  The  whole album fits together extremely well, (though the tracks may be in the  wrong order) and it is a masterpiece of music.  Ask any true Blue Oyster  Cult fan, and they'll tell you this is the album we quest to find in used  CD stores.  Here it is.  No trouble.  Just get it; the music speaks for  itself."))
(5.0, (u'B000002L9J', u"The Smith's, one of the most influential of the 80's bands, reach their  zenith with The Queen is Dead. Released in 1986 to wide acclaim, this their  third album, cemented the Smiths' place in rock history.  The title track,  The Queen Is Dead, launches off  with a rocking assault on England's  monarchy.  The Smiths never look back. What makes this album a classic, is  the songs.  Most albums have one or two standout tracks-the rest are  fillers.  That is definitely not the case here. All the songs are topnotch.  The standouts include, I Know It's Over, There Is a Light That Never Goes  Out, and Big Mouth Strikes Again.  The Smiths broke up a year after this  release. It's no wonder, it is hard to top perfection."))
(5.0, (u'6304263198', u"If you've ever been interested in learning about Gypsy (or more  accurately, Rom) culture and history, this is the film for you.Made by Tony  Catlif, himself a Rom, the film (the title means &quot;Safe Journey,&quot;  a serious blessing in this culture) takes the viewer on the same path  travelled by the gypsies themselves a thousand years ago. It begins in  India, showing a gypsy band in a desolate spot, telling their own story in  dance and song. He travels ever westward, through Egypt, Turkey, Eastern  Europe, France, and finally Spain, where the stunning beauty of gypsy  flamenco dance and music will hold you spellbound. There is no dialog:  Catlif lets the lyrics of the songs, the language of the dances, and the  unforgettable faces of the gypsies themselves tell the story. You'll feel  like you've been given a brief but magical tour of a mysterious, rarely  seen world. Gypsies have always been persecuted and ostracized; this film,  made by one of their own, gives them a voice in their own language.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000000P0G', u"You've lucked out.  Something has brought you to this page and if you do  not already own this album (CD) now is the time.  This is one of the 80's  best.  A Million Miles Away is on every 80's compilation but Oldest Story  in the World and Everywhere at Once are just plain great songs that you may  have heard in the Valley Girl movie.  Add in Shaky City, How Long Will it  Take, and I'll Get Lucky you've got one unbelievable album.  If you  become  a fan I'd love to hear about it and if you do move on to some of Peter  Cases's solo albums.  Six Pack of Love and The Man with the Blue Post  Modern Fragmented Neo-Traditionalist Guitar are my favorites."))
(5.0, (u'B00000AFGO', u"In that name of all that is holy, buy this CD! Never has a greater man  performed his stnad-up act for this long with the ferver and flavor of  Jerry Seinfeld. If you have followed Jerry's career even mildly, you will  find this CD to be worth every penny, and twice as much. The CD is  jam-packed with the good stuff, almost taking up the entire 74 minutes  available. I can't think of a situation where I wouldn't want to have this  CD with me. If you ever want to attempt anything worth dirt, you must buy  this CD. (apologies for my CAPS and exclamation points!)"))
(5.0, (u'B000003RCY', u"Well I first heard of Rammstein when one of their songs was played at a  Rock Club - I just HAD to know who it was by! Now I'm totally addicted and  I need my regular fix... 'Herzeleid' is awesome. If you want total  industrial heaven just get this album, now. Anyone out there ever heard of  Cubanate? They are a London based industrial techno band. Rammstein are  like a much heavier version of Cubanate with a Ministry-style bass line.  As 'Guitar' mag wrote in June '98:- &quot;For anyone who craves crunchy,  scalpel edged riffs, heavy electronic beats and strong hooklines, East  German sextet Rammstein is one of the most welcome groups to surface from  the darknes since Nine Inch Nails.&quot; If nothing else gets you to buy  this, that review will."))
(5.0, (u'B000001EDN', u"I really enjoy this CD.  I feel Elton and Bernie both put alot of  themselves into this collection of music.  Most of the older songs by this  talented duo are Bernie's thoughts and feelings about life and the world,  but I think Bernie really wrote more from Elton's perspective here.  The  lyrics are very emotional and sometimes quite painful.  I imagine that  recording some of these was quite cathartic for the artist.  My favorite  track is Track two - Made in England because it helps me to understand a  little of Elton's childhood.  This is a must have CD for any serious Elton  John fan."))
(5.0, (u'0800186117', u"This film tells the story of a young Spanish journalist whose family has  fled the chaos of the Spanish Civil War. Having met the brilliant but  subversive writer Federico Garcia Lorca (well-played by Andy Garcia) as a  child, the young man returns to Spain in the 1950s to investigate Lorca's  mysterious disappearance and death in the early years of the War.  He meets  with a wall of resistance from the Fascist authorities, who are determined  to keep him from uncovering the secret. Edward James Olmos plays an  enigmatic former Fascist whose offer of help may be a trap. There is a  dark, brooding quality to the film, which tells Lorca's story in  flashbacks, and the tension builds steadily until the startling conclusion.  All the performances are convincing, and the film effectively communicates  the atmosphere of underlying tension and danger of a fascist state. An  entertaining thriller that keeps you on the edge of the seat.  END"))
(5.0, (u'6302538009', u"This film tells the story of a young Russian Jewish immigrant woman,  excellently played by Carol Kane, who arrives in New York's crowded Lower  East Side slums at the turn of the century. She has come to join her  husband, whose stay in America has resulted in a new love interest and  disenchantment with his old-world wife's traditional ways.  But they have a  boarder in their tiny apartment--a traditional Jewish man whose dedication  to Talmudic study draws the wife's interest as her marriage crumbles. The  film vividly portrays the sense of the teeming slums and tenements of the  time, the problems of the dislocated immigrants struggling to preserve  their culture while adapting to a new one.  It is both an entertaining  story of personal triumph--Carol Kane is a winning heroine--and an  interesting historical period. If you are descended from immigrants from  any country, you owe it to yourself to see this.  END"))
(5.0, (u'B000002US5', u"Why, why, why? Come on, how could you top an album of this standard? And  don't presume just because another devotee of a deceased band gives yet  another older album 5 stars that it's rose tinted glasses painting a  prettier picture. I got to see Jellyfish twice, and the appearance of this  album mid-way through 1993 was like a revelation to me. I waited three  years for it, and the predecessor, &quot;Bellybutton&quot; was a huge  favourite in my collection. I can't even begin to describe the wave of joy  that hit me as I plunged the disc into the player for the first time,  switched off the lights and hit 'play'. First thing you notice is the  production which is, as has been described many times over, immaculate.  Next is the vocals, always a strength, but &quot;Hush&quot; is so rich, so  lavish, so perfectly arranged it's almost sickening, but it's Jellyfish so  they get away with it brilliantly. Then the fun starts. From the youthful  hero-worship recounting of &quot;Joining A Fan Club&quot; it's a  roller-coaster of influences that are worn openly on their sleeves, from  Queen to ELO to the Beatles and beyond. Unlike many imitators, it always  worked with Jellyfish because they often succeeded in being more than just  the sum of their origins. At no time did they sound like anyone quite so  much as themselves. From the gorgeous melodies on &quot;New Mistake&quot;  and &quot;Russian Hill&quot; to the melancholy of &quot;Glutton Of  Sympathy&quot; and the sheer bombast of &quot;Brighter Day&quot; it's  perfect. The crowning moment for me is the way the album ends with fading  strings, gently leaving a monumental crescendo, exactly as the album starts  - almost like they expect you to hit 'play' again the moment it stops. So  many happy memories. Andy Sturmer is still the only member of the band to  have kept silence (at least in a song-writing/performance capacity) since  the band's demise in 1994 which to this day continues to bother me; none of  his former colleagues' post-Jellyfish efforts have come close to filling  the gulf left by their split. Don't deprive yourself of this, you'd be  missing out on far, far too much."))
(5.0, (u'B000007OED', u"So Rancid did two albums of pretty much straight up punk rawk, with a bit  of ska thrown in. These albums were 1994's Let's Go and 1996's Out Come the  Wolves. It's been awhile since we've heard some new stuff from Rancid, and  after WOLVES, I was ready for a different kind of sound. Well, we waited  and Rancid gave us, LIFE WON&quot;T WAIT, an incredible album that spans  the spectrum of punk, ska-punk, traditional rock steady ska, and every rock  n roll variation in between. Punk rawk songs include BLOODCLOT, BLACK LUNG,  WARSAW, CASH CULTURE AND VIOLENCE(featuring Dicky Barrett of the  Bosstones), amd THE WOLF. Good ska tunes include LIFE WON&quot;T WAIT  (featuring Buju Banton), HOOLIGANS, CRANE FIST, WRONGFUL SUSPICION. Many  songs include guest musicians from ska banns the Slackers and Dave  Hillyard. This new album draws on influences of Jamaican music and culture  and experiences that Rancid has had on several world tours. Their lyrical  content has matured from harrassed punk kids on the street to being  horrified by all that is wrong in the world (listen to BLACK LUNG, WARSAW,  and LADY LIBERTY.) This album is truly great, diverse in musical styles and  totally RANCID!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000BKI1', u"Aquemini is one of the best rap cd's out right now.  Because of my job, I  was able to get a hold of Jay-Z's new disc, Tribe's Love Moment and  Outkast's Aquemini early and listen to each one.  I love Jay-Z and I love  Tribe, but I've been bumpin Aquemini every minute.  If you liked their  first 2 albums, you'll love the third.  Definite tracks to peep are:  &quot;Rosa Parks&quot;, &quot;Synthesizer&quot; with George Clinton,  Liberation with Cee-lo, &quot;Art of Storytellin 1&amp;2&quot;, the Raekwon  track called &quot;Skew it on the Barbie&quot;, SpottieOttieDopaliscious,  &quot;Y'all Scared&quot; featuring GoodieMob, &quot;Mamasita,  Papadona&quot; with this new shortie named Masada and a Big Boi track  called &quot;West Savannah&quot;.  Also making guest apperances on the  album, homie Witchdoctor and Erykah Badu.  Tight flows and phat beats, a  defintie album to bump at home or in your ride.  Sorry Master P, but true  southern rap isn't coming from the No Limit camp, but from 2 dope boys in a  Cadillac.  Peace out."))
(5.0, (u'B000000IVW', u"What is there to say about the debut album from Guns n' Roses?  Well for  starters, it's a fantastic hard rock CD.  It echoes with the sheer  immediacy of the music, the bombast with which the group attacks the songs  is astonishing.  The music doesn't have much to say, but when you rock out  as hard as they do, who needs impressive lyrics?  Besides, the lyrics do  have some tales to tell, and they revel in the shallowness that permeates  their native Los Angleles.  One of the classic and definitive rock albums  of all time, it is the king of 80's excess, driven to a height only masters  could take it.  Ladies and gentlemen, Guns n' Roses."))
(5.0, (u'B000002OPE', u"Once again we are reminded just how good Buddy Holly really was, and the tremendous loss to the music industry that was suffered nearly 40 years ago. To listen to this collection and hear the music once again fresh, new, clear and vibrant is almost a shock.To understand just how much effort was involved in making the music sound simple one should take the time to listen on earphones to 'listen To Me' and 'Words Of Love' or to hear the beauty of 'True Love Ways' or 'It Doesn't Matter Any More'.Everybody knows 'Peggy Sue' and 'Oh Boy' and the other standards but the other gems in Buddy Holly's music go unrecognised. The Rock'N'Roll of 'Brown Eyed Handsome Man' and 'Tell Me How' to the exhilaration of 'You Got Love' and, a classic in it's own right, 'Early In The Morning'This album is a 'must have' in every collection which wants to even just hint at containing good Rock'N'Roll.All the best and so long,Jim BootVisit my Buddy Holly web-site"))
(5.0, (u'B000002U2Q', u"Ever since I first put this CD in my stereo, it has not been removed!!  I  listen to it at night, when I wake up and in the car.  It seems uncanny to  me how relative and realistic their songs are.  They depict the young 90s  culture to an extreme that is usually dismissed as unusual or strange, but  is shockingly more frequent then not.  Their stories about the tortured  souls they know ring true and are completely in-tune with my experiences  and acquaintances.  Their harcore perception of the crazy world we live in  is both refreshing and reassuring (at least it makes me feel like I'm not  alone out here!).  It takes a genious to tell their stories like they do.  I would recommend this CD who anyone who enjoys hearing a great bunch of  guys telling it like it really is.  Hey, if you love Everclear as much as I  do, let me know your thoughts!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000057C5', u"Alright, I heard Du Hast on MTV and I said, well, that's a cool song, but  I don't know if I could take a whole album of it.  I WAS WRONG.  I saw  Rammstein live before I bought Sehnsucht and after that show I couldn't buy  the CD fast enough.  The opening song makes you want to either go dancing  or have sex and it just gets better from there. I love Kuss Mich and  Eifersucht (the laughing at the end of the song is evil and fabulous), Buck  Dich and Bestrafe Mich are songs you'll never be able to hear in English,  but once you know what they're about, you'll never get 'em out of your  head.  This band is fabulous live and on the stereo.  I really pity anyone  that has to follow them."))
(5.0, (u'B000001ZS4', u"I have followed Mssr. Jarre since 1976 when &quot;Oxygene&quot; was  released, (btw, an excellent piece of work as well.)  Jarre, in  &quot;Equinoxe&quot; (1978), is a &quot;Magnum Opus&quot;, and it's hard to  believe it is 20 years old!!  Jarre creates an aural landscape, or  waterscape (if your imagination takes you there) in a 'grand-symphonique'  style.  I know of no other composer in electronic realization that  tastefully utilizes the Theramin and the harmonium with analog synths as  he.  Argueably one of the best albums EVER created.  If you 'suffer' from  synaesthesia, or have a vivid imagination, this album will take you to  places only your mind can go.  If only he would have paid this much  attention to detail as in &quot;Oxygene 7-13&quot; in editing and  programming it would rank right up with Equinoxe.Equinoxe IS A  &quot;MUST HAVE&quot; FOR ANY LIBRARY--PERIOD!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002501', u"When John Mclaughlin was a young studio musician in the mid sixties, none  of his peers could have fathomed how much passion he would inject into the  stagnating world of traditional jazz.  As one of the founders of jazz\\rock  fusion (working first with Tony Williams Lifetime, then with Miles Davis)  Mclaughlin proved that there was far more potential in jazz guitar than had  previously been witnessed.  The most gratifying proof of this came with his  Mahavishnu Orchestra.  Though _Inner Mounting Flame_ had its moments,  _Birds Of Fire_ blew the lid off of the jazz-rock pot.  The interplay  between McLaughlin and legendary drummer Billy Cobham set a standard which  would be followed by bands such as Eleventh House, as well as solo artists  such as Al Di Meola.  _Birds Of Fire_ has no uninspired moments.  Like  Coltrane's _Giant Steps_ and Brubeck's _Time Out_, the music is composed  and performed on a whole different level.  This said, _Birds Of Fire_ is  the ultimate recording of passion, focus and ability...the three keys to  amazing music."))
(5.0, (u'B000002LN9', u"This is Eric's best solo live album. It has a great selection of songs,  and the band backs him up perfectly. His blues band, with Buddy Guy and  Robert Cray, plays incredibly, especially in Watch Yourself. He plays great  versions of Cream songs, especially Badge, and from his Journeyman album,  particularly Pretending. This CD has his best version of Wonderful Tonight,  with beautiful backup singing by Katie Kisson, who is great in Bell Bottom  Blues, too. There's also Hard Times, one of his favorite songs, and his  heartfelt version is wonderful. Heart of Darkness is an odd choice to be in  the CD, but it's good too. All in all, a must-have."))
(5.0, (u'B000006FDM', u"The Chazz Cats are a San Francisco based swing band and anyone who has seen them perform knows just how exiciting and fun a good swing band can be. With their CD &quot;Roadhouse Swing&quot; The Chazz Cats have sucessfully blended Swing music with blues. The CD ranges from the energetic &quot;The Joint is Jumping&quot; to the mellow and sultry &quot;Gee Baby Ain't I good to you.&quot; Along the way you will fall in love with the talented and sexy voice of their lead singer, D'lilah Monroe (the gem of the band) who's every note seems to drip honey. The Chazz Cats are loaded with talent and display that talent well. This CD accomplishes something most bands cannot do, it is easy to get up and swing to or it is nice to sit back and relax or unwind to. I have heard a lot of Swing Bands, especially with the resergence in the popularity of Swing, and the Chazz Cats are definatly one of the best around.BTW: They also have a web site if you want to know more about the band and where they are playing."))
(5.0, (u'B000006NWW', u"Country western is full of &quot;I loved you, you left me in my pickup  truck&quot; songs. Will's offering, &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; is NOT  that.  Instead, the entire CD is a collection of songs that only the most  hardened can listen to without feeling the need to cry.The anthem of the  downtrodden, &quot;Don't Laugh At Me&quot; seems to strike a universal  chord.  Did we all survive childhood unscathed by the cruel little  so-and-so's who always seemed to be in each class we attended?  We  survived, but not necessarily unscathed.Wills sings this anguish in his  album, yet it isn't just gloom.  He admonishes us to learn and live.If  you want light entertainment, don't buy this CD.  If you want meaningful  and beautifully performed songs of life, DO buy it!"))
(5.0, (u'B000006R8P', u"This album has great music through and through.  The lyrics are unlike the  cutting edge albums, but these songs still show the band's devotion to  Jesus while still trying to reach out to the masses.  The music is  definitely uplifting, catchy and fun.  Especially liked 'Revival town' and  'History maker'.  They just simply tell of God's working in this generation  and our heart's cry to follow God wholeheartedly.Especially liked  'deeper' cuz it rings out so much truth in one line of the chorus.  That's  the only way to live our walk with God, &quot;to fall more in love with  Him&quot;.The drums on this album was great.  Liked all the cimbal  smashing similar to Obsession in songs like 'Sanctify'.They still  didn't completely abandon the softer songs reminiscent of the slow cutting  edge songs in 'All the way', 'August 30th', 'Hands of Kindness', and 'What  a friend i've found'.An album that'll never get old."))
(5.0, (u'B000002UQS', u"...unless you've heard &quot;Mambo,&quot; think again! In a departure from  her familiar, more formal, Incan-based work, Yma explodes all over the  place on this collection. Oddly, Yma herself downplays this recording,  explaining in her stage act that it was &quot;just a studio album.&quot;  She doesn't perform any of the numbers, and more's the pity. The brassy  '50s-styled arrangements make a wonderful complement to the familiar yet  amazing 4-octave voice, displaying a side of the diva not generally  recognized except by diehard fans. Together with her 1972 rock album,  &quot;Miracles&quot; (released on the London label and not, to my  knowledge, available on CD), &quot;Mambo&quot; represents Yma's amazing  versatility with material. Well worth the &quot;price of admission.&quot;  Check it out!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000D9TO', u"Like most dedicated Dylan fans I have my copy of a  real bootleg of this  upcoming release.  There's something a bit poignant about knowing that what  was a relatively private pleasure for many years will now see the light of  mass-market day.  Listening to this show, which truly lives up to the  legends surrounding it in every way, on a murky and mysterious counterfeit  tape is in some ways the only proper way of hearing it.  The hostility  between Dylan and the Hawks (later the Band, and never better than they  would be on that night)on stage and their audience, heckling, stomping,  clapping to throw the unbending Bob off his new game, takes on a force of  its own on the bootleg version, settling like a thick English fog over the  music.  The only way for the musicians to cut through it is to call on  their reserves of stage and street smarts--the drums are doom itself, Rick  Danko's bass thuds away like a hard heart, Richard Manuel's piano kicks  like a mule in a the proverbial china shop, Garth Hudson gives free rein to  his joyous yet sinister carnivalesque keyboard, and of course Robbie  Robertson and Dylan fight it out for bragging rights.  It's a draw on most  songs--Robertson matching Dylan's words with his own solos, the most  anguished and angry sounds to come from an electric guitar, Dylan coming  right back with his harmonica's metallic menace and the howling frenzy of  his vocals, a man who knew he would never go further into himself or  further away from his audience.  Yes, the greatest and most indispensable  sixties rock there is, and the true litmus test not only for Dylan fans but  for those who truly understand rock and roll and what it should mean."))
(5.0, (u'B0000004RU', u"A great album from the first song, &quot;Step by step&quot;, to the last.  It's wonderful to have someone write lyrics that's not sugar-coated like so  many of today's christian music.  Rich doesn't go for cliches in any of his  albums and especially does a great job of talking about the stories of the  Bible in this album.  No other person with the exception of Carmen can do  it but Rich does it with his &quot;best rhyme and rhythm&quot; as he sang  in &quot;Here in America&quot;.  He was the only writer who can write such  lyrics with utter depth, honesty, and truth.I could just feel the  yearning for Jesus in these songs; especially in &quot;the howling&quot;,  &quot;calling out your name&quot;, and &quot;I can see you&quot;.  I love  to sing  in &quot;I can see you&quot; along with the children choir who  echoes Rich.  This one ranks up there with the Jesus Record and Liturgy,  legagay, and a raggamuffin band."))
(5.0, (u'B0000004SD', u"Another one of his great works.  The concept for the liturgy just shows  his role as a church reformer and cuts through a lot of that fluff we hear  in 'christian music'.  sometimes i'll just listen to the liturgy and  worship God.  It just showed me more aspects of what worship is  about.the first song made me feel how blessed we're to be living in this  wonderful land despite all the chaos and decaying morals.  52:10 and  Eatonwood Green reminded me of Phil Keaggy's Beyond Nature.  The Color  Green is a powerful song that reveals how the entire earth including the  rocks and fields are praising God.  Hold me Jesus has one of my favorite  lyrics of Rich: &quot;I'd rather fight for something i don't really want  than to take what you give that i need&quot;.  It shows the vulnerablility  and humility that we need when we come before Jesus.  Creed is a great  proclaimation of our faith and the idea that the gospel is 'making us'  instead of human inspiration is one way to look at the argument that  christianity is just mere make believe.It did take awhile to  appreciate the legacy part of the album, but the christmas song brings back  all the nostalgic memories when i was a kid and waiting for utter  anticipation when we get to open our gifts.Overall, it's a fantastic  example of Rich's brilliant songwriting and musically talents."))
(5.0, (u'B000002L42', u"IF YOU LIKE STEELY DAN, YOU WILL LOVE ALIVE IN AMERICA&quot;Music  hath charms to soothe the savage breast,&quot; Congreve wrote in Act One of  The Mourning Bride.  &quot;Music hath charms we all may find, Ingratiate  deeply with the mind,&quot; Matthew Green wrote centuries ago.Today  Steely Dan is classic and contemporary, music that is unique, music that is  inviting and intoxicating.  If you have not heard it, you should. Beg,  borrow, or buy ALIVE IN AMERICA and/or STEELY DAN GOLD to get a taste of  this uniquely American music.Listen to Babylon Sisters and Green  Earrings, and you will want to play your CDs over and over to please your  ears again and again.  The music can be exciting and erotic, inviting and  intoxicating to your taste.&quot;This is no one night stand.  It's  a real occasion!&quot; Tom Scott sings in Babylon Sisters.  It's true.  A  night with Steely Dan is special, unforgettable.If you are already  addicted, if Steely Dan is a habit with you, you love ALIVE IN AMERICA.  Bernard Purdie on the drums makes your heart beat to his rhythm.  Steve  Khan's guitar blends beautifully with the drums in Babylon Sisters.  Multitalented tenor and alto sax, clarinet , Tom Scott delights you with  his vocal and interpretive instrumentation.Green Earrings, a  popular classic CD, features Bernard Purdie again on the drums with Don  Grolnick at the piano and Donald Fagen at the synthesizer.  The mellifluous  melody will haunt you , make you hum and tap your toes to the rhythm.  Elliott Randall and Larry Carlton on their guitars add to the magical music  in this album.The songs by Walter Becker and Donald Fagen are  unforgettable. Their work makes an indelible impression on the world of  music.  This is the best in 1998, a unique combination of words and music  you know and love to hear.  ALIVE IN AMERICA and STEELY DAN GOLD CDs have  brought life to music in America in 1998.Nancy Kobryn Copyright 1998"))
(5.0, (u'B000002J1L', u"This was the beginning of Genesis Live. The opening track &quot;Musical  Box&quot; with it's tale of Henry and Cynthia displays real passion. When  you hear Peter's voice, going up light and down heavy, like we were taught  how to write at school, you know that this is for real.  You feel the  hair's stand up in the back of your neck. This is how you feel each time  you hear this song, with Peter's remarkable voice. This type of magic has  stood the test of time. 26 years later the reaction is still the same, one  of sheer magic.  Some people may say that I am a nut, perhaps they are  correct.  From the Album, a group of people, collectively known as the  Hogweed Youth Movement appeared.  The Giant Hogweed spread and then Foxtrot  was born with it's own masterpieces. This album is all about passion of one  sort or another. A classic to begin, and one to end. Fountain of Salmacis  is an absolute delight.  Musically the band's brilliance is shown. Tony  Banks is amazing, and, the diversity of the band is shown when you listen  to all the different types of instruments that are played.  The album is  sprinkled with Genius from a classical music point of view, perhaps the  band were influenced by some composers e.g. Tchaikovsky or  Beethoven.Make sure you get peace when you listen to this album.  It  will blow your mind."))
(5.0, (u'B000009NUC', u"For any Better Than Ezra fans this is a must have CD and for any not  already established fans this CD its a great introduction. The band  slightly alters is sound while remaining true to its fans. It's obvious  that the band took more time and a more diverse approach to this CD. The  result is a unique blend of sounds. There are too many good songs to pick a  favorite, but I am partial to At The Stars, Alison Foley, Live Again and  Pull.  By the way, those of you that are comparing this CD to Bush have not  ever listened to either (1)Bush or (2)this CD. They have absolutely nothing  in common. I am a fan of both but their music is so different that to  compare the bands is not fair to either."))
(5.0, (u'B00000ADG5', u"I love Dolly Parton, and have all of her albums, but my favorites have  always been the collections of her earlier works. Now she puts out an album  that rivals some of her best work! I had heard good things about the album,  but it didn't prepare me for how great every song is. Everytime I listen to  it, I end up having a different favorite song that I listen to over and  over. I HOPE she releases &quot;Salt of My Tears&quot; next, and if radio  stations are smart, they'll play it until everyone is sick of it.  Every  person ages 18 to 30 should buy this album and understand why Dolly Parton  is one of the greatest musicians in the world."))
(5.0, (u'B000005IU2', u"In this album, Iggy Pop &amp; Co. displayed both the attitude and  the  primitive sound that would define the punk rock music that would come a few  years later. However,compared to the Clash and the Ramones and the Sex  Pistols and whoever came during the official rise of punk(as well as to the  other predecessors of  punk,the Velvet Underground) , the Stooges come off  as something absoutely frightning. They were violent,mean and nasty.  And,because they reveled in being so stupid(at least imagewise; he may  sound stupid,but we all know Iggy has  some intelligence in him, even  though he wouldn't show any signs of it until years later), they were  pretty funny at times.With this record and its equally great (though more  punky) follow-up RAW POWER,the Stooges  come off as the ultimate punk  band.Definitely one of the all- time greats."))
(5.0, (u'B00000106S', u"Cacophony is what you get when you put young fleet-fingered maestros like  Jason Becker and Marty Friedman together. Together, they create some of the  most amazing guitar works I've ever heard. However, on Go Off, I was pretty  disappointed, vocals-wise. I feel that the style of singing does not suit  their songs. In fact, I think they should have just kept it as instrumental  pieces !On 'Black Cat', you can hear clearly how distinct their styles  of playing are. Becker employs more speed and aggression in his playing as  compared to Marty who puts more emotion and feeling. 'X-Ray Eyes' is a  straight-forward speed metal piece with superb riffs and licks. How I crave  for more !! The opening solo and the solo that follows it is  simply.....undescribable.Beautifully crafted songs with full of  emotional, all incorparated with aggressive metal riffs. A MUST FOR EVERY  MALMSTEEN WANNABE OR METAL FREAK !!"))
(5.0, (u'B0000025CO', u"When I first heard it in 1982, back in Hungary, I couldn't forget it. It  melted into my mind and, it's been there ever since. The lyrics are great,  perfctly giving back the original Wells story. The music and orchestration  are hauntingly beautiful, not to mention the fantastic spacy sound effects.  The singers give you an unforgetable performance and, Richard Burton is  invincible, majestic. This is my all time favorit; I only had it on an old  tape, couldn't get the CDs for 15 years, until I ordered them from Amazon.  I can listen to it all day without getting tired of it. It's a wonderful,  enchanting musical experince."))
(5.0, (u'B000002MY3', u"It's no wonder that Alanis is the biggest selling female of all time! She  is the most intelligent young women that I know of. Just listen to her  vocablary when she speaks, and the lyrics in her songs. She presents  herself beautifully. On top of her being the perfect role model, she has  the perfect album! &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; was released almost four  years ago, and I'm still loving it! I'm not just another fan attached to an  entertainer, I'm a human being that loves another human being, and not just  for her classic songs, but for who she is inside. I feel like I personally  know her. I since that she is a loving, kind-hearted human being. And I  think that because she is such a good song writer that people look past her  incredible, perfect voice. I'm her #1 admirer and I can't wait for her new  C.D, &quot;Sopposed Former Infatuation Junky&quot;!"))
(5.0, (u'B000002B7B', u"Combine a strange movie with a strange combination of hard rock, heavy  metal, ambient new-age, and some updated classics and you got what is one  of the best soundtracks to be released in a long time. Deep Forest's two  tracks (especially the one with Peter Gabriel) are moody and beautiful,  Juliette Lewis sings again (as she did on Natural Born Killers) and does a  decent job of it, and Skunk Anansie's songs kick ass! While the movie had  about twice as much music as what is featured on the CD, the soundtrack is  still a good compilation. &quot;Strange Days&quot; is a good movie and a  great soundtrack."))
(5.0, (u'B000001INM', u"Simply the best surf guitar I have heard. That the Blue Stingrays are  determinedly anonymous, no matter. They have studied the canon and it is  damned good. Opening with &quot;Monsoon&quot;, the mood is sustained  through a vigorous reading of &quot;Goldfinger&quot; and &quot;Malibu  Babylon&quot;. Dance floor barn-burners include &quot;Moon Over  Catalina&quot; and &quot;Stingray Stomp&quot;. Moodier pieces like  &quot;Surfer's Life&quot; and &quot;Zuma Sunset&quot; emphasize the band's  virtuosity by absence of extraneous elements. The arrangements and  musicianship are top-notch throughout.The Blue Stingrays have also paid  homage to the genre by the straight-faced album graphics which had me going  (yes, I am in the ad biz) until the joke is slyly given away on the back of  the booklet."))
(5.0, (u'B000001NWR', u"Don't listen to the review by Lloyd Bradley, for some reason he has  something against the Art Of Noise.  To call them not entertaining is  ignorance.  This album is entertainment.  It shows a new direction for the  band, and is vastly different than 'Whose Afraid Of'.  It has a more, whats  the word I am looking for, &quot;worldly&quot; sound to it, but not  nessicarily new age, more like an eclectic mix of music and harmony, such  as 'One Earth' and 'Galleons of Stone'.  This is a must for any Art of  noise fan, and a good listen to for music fans who like music with emotion."))
(5.0, (u'B000001QHA', u"GG Allin's last original studio album--released a few months after his  death by overdose--is a fitting end to a remarkable career. Featuring a  tight, focused band (led by GG's brother, bassist Merle Allin), and  excellent studio production by Don Fury, &quot;Brutality and Bloodshed For  All&quot; is a masterpiece. The songs are direct, violent and harrowing,  and easily stand up with Allin's best. If you're curious about Allin and  what in God's name made him tick, this is an excellent place to begin. You  may not learn everything and you may not like what you learn, but this disc  is essential listening for the daring music fan."))
(5.0, (u'B0000061UG', u"This release includes the haunting &quot;Bright Eyes,&quot; though it is  the album cut and not the version was topped the charts in England in 1979  (the single version has an extra verse, and a more uptempo mix). The album  cut is the same version heard in the movie.I've waited years for this  CD issue and I'm very glad that it's finally out.  My only complaints are  minor:  The packaging was poorly executed (the artwork looks like a bad  scan of the original LP cover) and the liner notes are a bit sparse.  I  would also have liked it if they had included extra cuts, like the single  version of &quot;Bright Eyes,&quot; or the three other songs that Mike Batt  composed for the film that weren't used.  However, the mastering and  overall sound quality on the disc are excellent.  Angela Morley's  soundtrack stands very much on it's own as a beautiful symphonic work.It is a must for any &quot;Watership&quot; fan.-Tim"))
(5.0, (u'B000006XF4', u"When I first heard this CD, I was surprised in many ways. First, Shiny  Beast is less bluesy than Beefheart's other records. Second, the atmosphere  of some of the songs differs completely from anything I had heard from this  man. And third, this is one of the best albums I have ever heard in my  life.Many of the songs on this album are very accessible, but the  apparent simplicity is deceptive. As usual, Captain Beefheart is strong on  arrangements. My absolute favorite in this respect is the title track.  There are some sounds on this song that made me think &quot;how the hell  did he do that?&quot;. Candle Mambo is one of these songs that really  surprised me when I thought I was getting to know the man. But Beefheart  can be predictible as well: a Beefheart album always contains one or two  nice instrumental songs, and Bat Chain Puller is no exception. Ice Rose  really is a little jewel.A must for any Beefheart fan."))
(5.0, (u'B000006YA4', u"When talking about German film-music makers, you sometimes easily forget  to mention Doldinger, with all the success Hans Zimmer has in the US.  Doldinger who is rather known as a Jazz-musician has excelled in  film-scoring two times in his life!! The first time when composing the  music for &quot;Das Boot&quot;(the Boat), and the 2nd time when he did his  best job so far on &quot;Die Unendliche Geschichte&quot;(Neverending  Story). The Main Title &quot;Flug auf dem Gl&uuml;cksdrachen&quot; is a fanfare  that finds a special place between Star Wars Main title and Jurassic Park`s  &quot;Journey to the Island&quot;. Also the other cues on the album range  from haunting themes over dreamy music(Ivory Tower) to action themes. This  Soundtrack has everything an excellent score needs. This is the German  Import which is a little more expensive than the US-Release, and Limahl's  song &quot;Neverending Story&quot; is missing but it's the complete score  (US-release is not!) and it's worth every cent!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000C2CT', u"It is a shame that it took Helen Redddy 15 years to return to the  recording studio.  But the wait was well worth it!!!  The highlight of this  new CD is definitely Helen's version of &quot;Tell Me It's Not True&quot;  from the Broadway show &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;.  Her vocals are strong  and full of emotion.  Having seen &quot;Blood Brothers&quot; with Petula  Clark, Helen's more stylized version brought tears to my eyes. Other songs  which highlight the album include &quot;Surrender&quot; from &quot;Sunset  Boulevard&quot; (Helen is backed up by a gospel choir); &quot;Your Just in  Love&quot; from &quot;Call Me Madam&quot;, and &quot;Fifty Percent&quot;  from &quot;Ballroom&quot;.After listening to the 14 songs on this  outstanding CD, I think Helen will be returning to Broadway or the West End  in the very near future!! This 57 year old song stylist has not lost a bit  of power and strength in her voice."))
(5.0, (u'B00000DBXY', u"Everyone knows Motown for it's talented singers but most people associate their artists to be black but they knew a good thing when they heard it.  One of their newest acts is called 98 Degrees a group of 4 guys originally from Ohio.  Everyone looks at them and thinks white boys can't sing R&amp;B.  Well guess what you couldn't be more wrong.  This CD is my all time favorite CD of all time.  It is filled with soulful love songs that we have come to expect from Motown groups.  I have found many people when I recommend the 98 Degree CD say I've never heard of them but as soon as I mention the song &quot;INVISIBLE MAN&quot; they say I love that song.  If you like that song then I recommend a million times over to buy this CD and their new CD called 98 Degrees &amp; Rising.  If you have any questions visit me at my website ore-mail me.  I'll be happy to give you any info you want because I back this CD that much."))
(5.0, (u'B000007SPY', u"When I first heard this CD, it was the middle of Autumn in Seattle.  I had  never heard sounds and structures (or non-structures) that captured a  season so well until &quot;Stars on E.S.P.&quot;  Though it is sort of  worked as a &quot;summer&quot; CD, I believe they found the sound of the  word more appealing than the thought of epitomising it's values in musical  form.  That was reserved for Fall, and no one has done it this well  before.This is HNIA's best work to date.  The obvious Beach Boys  influence on Warren Defever is in full swing and a wonderful mix with their  previous gothic persona and their new poodle-skirt charm.  &quot;Mouth By  Mouth&quot; though a fabulous album, only hinted at the magnificent  exhibition that was to come.  It is now shadowed and paled beneath  &quot;Stars on ESP.&quot;Nothing bad to say about it.  That's the jist."))
(5.0, (u'B000009N9G', u"If you liked the original Lion King soundtrack (and who didn't), then  you'll love this new album &quot;Return to Pride Rock.&quot;  There's much  variety here.  From the hip-sounding &quot;Upendi&quot; to the  slow-but-powerful &quot;Love Will Find a Way&quot; to the inspirational  &quot;We Are One,&quot; you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll be inspired!  When  I listen to it, I'm reminded of how I feel when I listen to the original  Lion King Soundtrack:  good.  I love the different African-sounding rhythms  and chants that blend perfectly with the songs, and Angelique Kidjo's  performance of &quot;We Are One&quot; is truly pleasant to the ear!  A  worthy successor to the throne!  Disney's done it again!  Children and  adults alike will enjoy this new musical addition to The Lion King  universe!"))
(5.0, (u'B00000AG90', u"Morrissey (I loathe that silly Moz business) has not only put together a  wonderful collection of tricky to find tracks, he has also, as my  girlfriend pointed out, devised the best title thus far; the y's and l's  nearly causing the tounge to fall out of the head.  And the photo...the  harsh truth gets better all the time.  Plenty of super tracks including  &quot;Swallow&quot; which I consider to be one of his best in the past few  years: a trademark tune.  There's the video too.  If you have a CD-Rom  don't forget to play &quot;Sunny&quot;!  Morrissey fans of the world  unite!!!"))
(5.0, (u'B000003JYH', u"The story of Uncle Tupelo is pretty well known to those who are listenters  of its successor bands, Son Volt and Wilco. Spaking for myself, I  approached Uncle Tupelo by working backward from both of them. The alchemy  produced by such dissimilar songsmiths and performers as Farrar and Tweedy  makes for exciting listening; even on this disc, which is tied together  sonically with a spare, acoustic sound and threaded together lyrically with  themes of danger, desperation, and loss, the prismatic effect these two  frontmen evoke produce an edgy texture which simmers in the background. The  disc is perfectly constructed as a song cycle but it doesn't carry the tag  of a &quot;concept album&quot; (many of which crumble under their own  pretensions. Thematically, it concludes with a beautiful, haunting Tweedy  song, &quot;Fatal Wound&quot;, then reprises with a coda starting with the  sparkling instrumental &quot;Sandusky&quot; and the redemptive &quot;Wipe  The Clock&quot;."))
(5.0, (u'B000000WCX', u"After an upsetting silence, Bowie has returned with EART HL I NG, and I  like it. This album is perhaps one of the best Bowie albums ever.  &quot;Little Wonder&quot; gained a lot of attention as a result of the  bizarre video, but the song is much better on its own.  &quot;Looking For  Satellites&quot; is a bit boring, but not bad.  &quot;Battle for Britain  (The Letter)&quot; is a kick ass dance tune.  &quot;Seven Years In  Tibet&quot; is a disturbing and catchy ode to Tibet's state of crisis.  &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; is the only true electronica track, and it's a  great song (the others are more industrial).  &quot;Telling Lies&quot;,  &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;, and &quot;I'm Afraid Of  Americans&quot; are the trilogy of odd yet catchy songs, and &quot;Law  (Earthlings on Fire)&quot; is almost rave.  all in all, a classic album,  and a must-have for any collection."))
(5.0, (u'B0000014W5', u"Liz Callaway has the most astonishingly beautiful voice I have ever heard.  Soaring, captivating, exciting and totally riveting. She can hold a note in  perfect pitch for what seems like a day and a half. This CD is a wonderful  showcase for her magnificent vocal talents, and it's fairly obvious that  she herself loves every single song. I also love most of the songs on the  album, and those selections are heartstoppingly beautiful. The telling  point for me, however,  is that her phenomenal voice allows me to also  immensely enjoy the songs whose style and phrasing I don't particularly  care for. My 5 year old daughter &quot;discovered&quot; Ms Callaway as the  singing voice of Anastasia, and we noted with great pleasure that she has  released a couple of CDs. We hope there are many more to come. She has a  voice for the Ages."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IUK', u"The movie wasn't as good as it was supposed to be (not to say it was bad,  but not as good as it could've been). But let's face it, Ridley Scott makes  some good movies and some bad ones. But choosing Vangelis to do the  soundtrack to 1492 was a brilliant move...especially since it was so  brilliant with Blade Runner. The music is typical Vangelis...high-quality,  soothing, hypnotic, and just amazing to listen to. It's typical for  Vangelis, but Vangelis is not typical, and once again he proves himself to  be ahead of his time with one more collection of fine music. Highly  recommended..."))
(5.0, (u'B000002IZM', u"Vangelis is an artist...as such he makes an album according to his own  artistic statement. You won't find every bit of music he composed for the  film Blade Runner on this because he didn't feel like including it. You can  complain about it, but take this album as not a soundtrack to the film. but  rather as another album from a fine musician. The unreleased tracks he  composed in '82, &quot;Blush Response,&quot; &quot;Rachel's Song,&quot; and  &quot;Damask Rose,&quot; and the brand new &quot;Wait For Me&quot; are  absolutely incredible, as is the rest of the music. The famous &quot;Blade  Runner-End Titles,&quot; and &quot;Tears in Rain&quot; are the best tracks.  It is difficult to imagine that music such as this was made sixteen years  ago, proving that Vangelis is a man ahead of his time. His music is simply  enjoyable, moody, and hypnotizingly beautiful. Get this album, but remember  that you won't find everything that was in the film. Don't let this spoil  the experience."))
(5.0, (u'B0000073HS', u'I first heard Runrig in a German CD store in the fall of 1991 and have  been a fan ever since. Unfortunately, this Scottish group is virtually  unknown in the U.S. They combine traditional Scottish musical sensibilities  with rock. It is an excellent combination. &quot;Hearts of Olden  Glory&quot; and &quot;Alba&quot; are standout tracks, but my all-time  favorite song by them is &quot;Rocket to the Moon.&quot; It is available  here on this album. Another great Runrig album (probably their best) is  &quot;Runrig - Live,&quot; the album that I first heard by them. Hopefully  Amazon.com will also carry that one soon. At any rate, &quot;The Cutter and  the Clan&quot; is a fine album.'))
(5.0, (u'B00000C2CU', u"To those unfamiliar with Henry Rollins' spoken word records, this CD is a  very nice introduction to his work.  To those who are, this Rollins at his  absolute finest.  From second one, Hank brings you through his adventures  at the airport (continued), television, Bill Clinton, etc.  The first CD is  a very rapid fire comedic routine, as the second CD is more involved with  telling long storylines and being just as funny if not funnier. Henry has  mastered his storytelling ability to the point where its effortless, and  this is readily evident in these 2 hours.  Everyone can relate to at least  one of his stories, as he speaks from a perspective of everyday life.  This  CD set will become a constant companion to you on a lonely night for years  to come. If you enjoy this, I highly recommend Human Butt, Live at  McCabe's, and the Boxed Life for even more great rides from the life of  Henry Rollins."))
(4.0, (u'0790729628', u'After seeing the Original release and then the Director Cut, I was a little disappointed.  The DC lacks the original voice-over by Ford that (imo) adds some sort of connection between the scenes.  The DC does have some extra footage that makes in worth viewing but not that much and the ending of the DC is different.  I believe that Blade Runner is still a great movie but I would have rather seen much more of the cut footage (like Decker visiting Holden in the hospital - a scene that is not in any released version) with the voice-over (narration by Ford).  Still it is worth watching and maybe adding to your collection.  END'))
(4.0, (u'0792844882', u'This film, like many that come from the Verhoeven/Esterhas camp, teems with gratuitous sex, contrived dialogue, abominable direction and substandard acting.  The sad part about all this is that I really like this film.  Why?  Not since &quot;Faster Pussycat, Kill, Kill&quot; has such a female-driven tour de force in camp cinema emerged.  Elizabeth Berkley gives her forerunner Tura Satana extreme competition at all levels.  She overacts; she dresses like a tramp.  Most importantly, however, she uses sex and sexuality to get what she seeks.  Furthermore, the supporting cast in &quot;Showgirls,&quot; led by the wonderful Gina Gershon (who really IS a respectable actor), adds even more corn to the &quot;camp&quot; fire.  Set against the glitz of Las Vegas, &quot;Showgirls&quot; is excess and decadence perfected.  Sure, it is technically a horrible movie, and we will not benefit from it culturally.  Nevertheless, in this day and age of stress and anxiety I believe that we all need some senseless brain fodder, so chow down on &quot;Showgirls.&quot;  END'))
(4.0, (u'630398021X', u"&quot;Strange Days&quot; is a fast-paced thriller that got very little recognition from the critics.  Perhaps that's because, although full of action, it doesn't have enough gore or car ripper scenes to please thriller movie seekers.  Except for the occasional nudity, and frequent hard language, this movie may have been better off being released as a television movie.  All the same, the video is a good one to pick up for home viewing, especially after the kids are tucked away in bed for the night.  Ralph Fiennes, generally known for his dark, moody roles, pulls off the character of Lenny to the point of charming.  Angela Bassett is buff and tuff and wonderfully suited for her role as Mace. I had a bit of a problem with Juliette Lewis in the role of Faith, although I can't put my thumb on the reason why.  The rest of the cast were well suited for their roles.  Although dark and sometimes depressing, &quot;Strange Days&quot; is still worth settling down with a soda and bowl of buttered popcorn.  Don't let the widescreen format scare you away; it's amazing how fast you get used to it.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000002NZ1', u"Katy Lied marked phase two in the Steely Dan epic.  Recorded around a transitional lineup that included Mike McDonald and Jeff Porcaro Katy Lied also marked the emergence of Donald Fagen as one of the leading vocalists in the rock world.  Now only a part time keyboard player (getting major help on this lp from Vic Feldman and Michael Omartian) Fagen jumps full force into the 'Katy Lied' project with vim and vigor.  Katy Lied also marks the emergence of Walter Becker as a prominent lead guitarist and includes stellar contributions from Denny Dias, Rick Derringer and jazz great Phil Woods, whose haunting solo on 'Doctor Wu' ranks among the great moments in 'Dan history.  Again the CD remastering is suberb and brings to light much of the audio skullduggery undertaken by engineer Nichols and producer Katz.....'Katy Lied'...a tour de force! Steve O'Rourke stevev@jps.net  END"))
(4.0, (u'6302098475', u"This verison (which was first made as a theatrical film for European cinema, then shown on FOX TV, and then shortened for video by about forty minutes) stars Patrick Bergin as the outlawed Earl of Huntington (portrayed with some touches of humor and plenty of physical action and presence); Uma Thurman as a very independent Lady Marian; Jeroen Krabbe as the Norman lord who was once Robin's friend but must now hunt him down; and Jurgen Prochnow as an extremely pouty and self-important Guy of Guisbourne.  This version does not attempt to clean up the legend of Robin Hood (as in some previous versions), but instead reveals it in all its down-and-dirtiness, especially when showing all the opression that Robin is fighting against.  If it could be released in its full length, this would be a must for any collection, but even in its shortened state it's well worth seeing.  END"))
(4.0, (u'6300215695', u"Here's a semi-remake of &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; (1942), with Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire.In this one, Bing and Danny Kaye play a couple of ex-soldiers who become a show business sensation after the Second World War. They work their way up to big-time Broadway producers. On a road trip, they meet up with the Haynes sisters (Vera-Ellen and Rosemary Clooney).The boys follow the Haynes sisters to Vermont, where they're doing a show at a local inn. It turns out that the inn is run by the boys' ex-Army General. Seems that the &quot;Old Man&quot; is in a jam, on account of there being no snow for the ski crowd, and the inn is practically empty. So the four entertainers decide to put on a show to help save the day for the General.Fine performances all around, and some pretty good (if uneven) dance numbers. Mary Wickes plays a delightful busybody, and Vera-Ellen and Danny Kaye light up the screen.The movie is fine family entertainment, but only so-so as a musical. It also contains one of the least believeable lines in movie history. Rosemary Clooney, to Mary Wicks, on learning that the inn is in hard times financially: &quot;Oh, please! Couldn't you tell the General that we don't want to be paid? We wouldn't want to be paid if the inn is doing so poorly!&quot; Can you imagine a show person, living show-to-show, asking not to be paid?!Anyway, lots of good dances and a few good tunes, like &quot;Snow&quot; and &quot;Count Your Troubles&quot;, and of course, Bing crooning &quot;White Christmas&quot;."))
(4.0, (u'B000001HDZ', u"The Requiem in D, Cherubini's second funeral mass, was written as a response to the papal opposition to the performance of the first requiem, in C.  The religious circles objected to the use of woman's voices in the performance of the requiem mass, and so Cherubini wrote one exclusively for male voices.It has been claimed that this secondary requiem is a more personal one, as Cherubini at this time as older and certainly more cognizant of his mortality.  This requiem has not been recorded or performed often, when compared to famous ones like the Faure, Mozart, Verdi, and the other Cherubini masses.  The listener can probably see why: it certainly lacks the operatics of Verdi, the gentle touch of Faure, and the visionaries of Mozart.  Yet despite the fact that this is a requiem that is not always pleasurable to listen to, it is certainly a very notable one.This mass differs from many other requiems in that it features not only exclusively male voices but also no soloists.  A listener who comes into the Requiem in D will not hear the dramatic solos of Libera me in Verdi's mass or the equally formidable voices of Cherubini's first mass.  Instead, we hear a more austere setting of the requiem: more remniscient to old masses like those of Ockeghem than the classical and romantic settings.Which is not to say that this setting of the Requiem lacks excitement.  The rising string line in Dies Irae is one of the most evocative interpretations of the Doomsday hymn.  Here, Cherubini cuts right to the heart of the terror that must accompany any musical setting of the poem and doesn't lack in quality either.  The male tenors and baritones proclaiming the &quot;Day of Doom&quot; sound just as awe-inspiring as those in Mozart's and Verdi's Requiem.  Also very notable is the Agnus Dei- Cherubini seems to have a gift for writing settings for this prayer, for his masses all show rather notable interpretations of this part of the Catholic liturgy, and the Requiem in D is no exception.Overall, I found the Requiem to be a very unusual and interesting work.  I certainly think that it draws back to the pre-baroque and baroque times.  Even in the Dies Irae the mass is austere and dignified-none of the explosions of Verdi, nor the revolutions of Berlioz.  Yet even though many times the all male voices can get to the listener accustomed to a mixed choir, the Requiem is unfailingly touching and certainly has a more personal stamp of the composer, as compared to the popular Requiem in C.  Still, the work is a somewhat cold and unsettling farewell- I do think that it is best taken in with a mixture of other vocal pieces, in particular the Faure Requiem (which has been called &quot;the perfect accompaniment&quot; to any vocal music), or for a more dignified and otherworldly feel, the Allegri Miserere.  The work as a whole is worthy of Cherubini, who was once hailed as the greatest living composer and is now far from fame.  Beethoven certainly had reason to say, &quot;If I were to write a Requiem, Cherubini's would be my only model.&quot;  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000000D3E', u"For someone mildly to moderately interested in the music of Don McLean, &quot;Classics&quot; will provide just about anything the listener desires.  The original versions of &quot;American Pie&quot;, &quot;Crying&quot;, &quot;Since I Don't Have You&quot;, &quot;Castles in the Air&quot;, and &quot;Jerusalem&quot; are all here.  For the ardent McLean fan, the album's value is in the new version of &quot;And I Love You So&quot; and a moving new rendition of &quot;Vincent&quot;, in which McLean displays a more mature and developed voice than in the 1972 original.  Rounding out the album are the lesser-known &quot;It's a Beautiful Life&quot; and a forgettable new version of &quot;Pie&quot;.  All in all, though, any fan of Don McLean will enjoy this album.  END"))
(4.0, (u'6302758548', u"Fafous TV animation series, original works by Leiji Matsumoto, the artist of Galaxy Express.  When I first searched for &quot; Leiji Matsumoto&quot; in amazon.com, I was much dissapointed to find only a few. Then I found the English title, &quot;Star Blazer&quot; in &quot;Eastern Standard Time : A Guide to Asian Influence on American Culture : From Astro Boy to Zen Buddhism&quot; (by Jeff Yang (Editor), Dina Gan, Terry Hong, A. Magazine) and tried to search again without any expectation, I was much astonished by the long lists of Star Blazers series...  Yamato TV series was broadcasted in 1974, when I was a senior-high student. It became quite popular among our friends, but actually I don't like Yamato and I didn't watch a lot. Still whenever I saw it I was much impressed.  One of the reasons I don't like Yamato is because of its patriotic theme. I mean it's the same patriotism in Japan during the World War II. The Battleship Yamato (Senkan Yamato) was the tragic hero during the World War II. It was well described in Yoshida Mitsuru's &quot;Requiem for Battleship Yamato,&quot; a diary of Yoshida who was a young Navy official when Yamato sailed for last suicide cruise and sank. Yamato was the symbol of wartime Japan in any way. Many Japanese comic artists picked up Yamato as their themes. And Uchu Senkan Yamato, or Star Blazer was the most explicit case. The title itself shaws it. Uchu means space. When Japanese crews got to sail off to the far off planet Iscandar, they digged up the old body of the Battleship Yamato, the tragic hero of the World War II and equipped it with advansed technology. I also disliked the sentimentalism and machoism through the series...  However it was epidemic that the enemy has deep and complex characters and it gave the battle deeper insight. I think from then on, the enemy characters of Japanese animation changed a lot. Not the simple structure as the bad v.s. the good, but more complicated relations.  When I learned from the description of &quot;Eastern Standard Time&quot; that in United States, the name of the ship is changed to Argo, and the name of the Japanese crews are westernized, I felt really unconfrotable.  END"))
(4.0, (u'1566871034', u"...or else it's going to completely go over your head. Any written description of the plot WILL NOT prepare you for watching this film. Provided you're not completely disgusted after the first five to ten minutes, you find yourself completely absorbed for the rest of this quivering, shadow-filled story. I wouldn't romanticize it by focusing on it's religious imagery alone, ie. the Creation, the immaculate conception, Christ's crucifixion, Goddess-worship, etc., simply because this is a stark and brutal interpretation of those themes. I can't say that I loved it either, (ie. it gave me a warm-fuzzy feeling, and so on) because it is difficult to watch, but it's one of the most unforgettable viewing experiences of my life. Its comparisons to  Lynch's &quot;Eraserhead&quot; are justified, except that &quot;Begotten&quot; is not half as surrealistic. And watch it alone--it's dark, morbid tone will make your company leave the room, trust me!  END"))
(4.0, (u'0395891701', u"&quot;This I know: our lives in these towns are slowly improving&quot;: so begins Michael Byers's book of stories of seaside middle-class folk traveling and exploring their way through their misty days. The improvement is indeed slow, as characters feel their way to a deeper relationship to life, to people, to passion. Byers  replicates authentic experience with a skilled eye for detail. Each story presents a captivating drama of human emotion that never delves into melodrama. So many short stories claim to explore &quot;the ordinary&quot; but wind up mired in the mundane, the bland, the mediocre; Byers's stories are richer, yet always approachable. An interesting collection of stories that provoke thought and reflection upon completion."))
(4.0, (u'B0000039QD', u'Impresario, Sean "Puffy" Combs and his label Bad Boy, have established an eastern headlock on the world that is known as hiphop.  On this sure to be classic release, the one called Puff is joined by his elite verbal blasting crew, Mase, the late, great B.I.G., the irrepressible, Lox and the rap vixen Lil\' Kim.  With enough 80\'s samples to keep all Patagonia-clad yuppies "down," this collection of grooves is an obvious and important addition to your rap library.  No Way Out was, is, and will no doubt, continue to be, a HUGE financial success, and this recording has firmly established Puff Daddy as the rap kingdom\'s latest ruler.  Yes, some hiphop hecklers call Puffy a style &quot;biter,&quot; but others, not just those from the Atlantic side of the coast, including many, many cd buying fans, call Puff Daddy a hiphop genius!  At times No Way Out gets a bit wack with the unfortunate rhythm and blues explorations, but when P-Diddie comes hardcore and correct...especially with the legendary Notorious One -- No Way Out is most definitely "all that!  END'))
(4.0, (u'6302484502', u"Any film directed by Orson Welles is engrossing and worth the time.  MACBETH is no exception.  For those of you familiar with the 1971 Roman Polanski version, Welles  brought to the screen a darker, more nightmarish world than Polanski could envision.  The lighting is stark and the shadows ominous.  Macbeth's madness increasingly pervades the atmosphere of the entire film, making the viewer unwilling to view this film with the lights out.  The restored version presents Welles's original conception; the actors speak their lines with authentic Scottish burrs (Welles was forced to redo the soundtrack by the studio brass).  A fascinating journey and imaginative interpretation of Shakespeare, Welles's MACBETH remains a major additon to American cinema and reveals the classical literary talents of one of the US's greatest visual artists.  END"))
(4.0, (u'0486211452', u'At the close of the 19th Century, long before the advent of ultralight gear, synthetics, and freeze dried food, Nessmuck was an advoacate of minimalist camping, his own load equalling about 26 pounds including his canoe; a 10 pound cedar strip wonder made by legendary wooden canoe maker J. H. Rushton.  Nessmuk (the nom de plume of George Washington Sears) was 65 years old, weighed about 105 pounds and was probably suffering from tuberculosis when he decided to solo canoe the Adirondack Lakes.  While most of his camping techniques are outdated, there is much in both his methods and philosophy from which even the most modern backpacker and canoeist can learn, and it is an excellent read besides.'))
(4.0, (u'B000003BJK', u"How can such music go unnoticed by the mainstream. Holdsworth applies his sensitive touch to ruthless material producing a breathtaking experience through scene after scene of something familiar only in that it is composed on a twelve note scale.  Yet this collection gives me the usual Holdsworth-induced paramnesia that I believe is require for a proper listen to any of his atavachronia.  That this is the norm for Holdsworth's offerings gives a glimpse of the quantum leap one must take to claim an appreciation of this music.This is one of his best in my oppinion.  This is the favorite of my mate Baily.  Her taste is barely less radical than mine jazz-wise.  I place this in my top five favorites from Alan.  I'm not sure I could put an order to those top five."))
(4.0, (u'B000000EKG', u"The first time I heard this, I screamed, &quot;What a travesty!  She's destroying Bob Dylan's beautiful songs!&quot;  It was not unlike Picasso re-doing Matisses's lovely water paintings in electric blue-and-orange splatter paint.But, I dragged out my copy about a year later and listened to it for itself.  She jazzes up Dylan's tunes with drums, electric guitars and electric organs (as was the style back then).  Of course no one can do Bob like Bob, but she does Bob like Joan Baez; I'd prefer more acoustic numbers but, what the hell...It's an aquired taste -- not unlike NyQuil.  But once you're addicted, it's not so bad."))
(4.0, (u'B000003CN3', u"The Freddy Jones 4th album is still strong and powerful, driving them to be one of the best bands of the 1990's.  Their music is soothing and intoxicating.  Based in Chicago, the band beautifully blends rock with a hint of country.  This album is driven by songs like Wonder, She Said and Walk as one.  Unfortunately, this album produces one of the worst FJB songs I know:  Burning By.  Cut that song off the album and i would increase my rating to a 9.  Overall, I was impressed with the album and simply happy to have more FJB songs to play.I suggest investigating other Freddy Jones CDs such as The Freddy Jones Band, Waiting for the Night, and North Avenue Wake Up Call.  If you get a chance to see this band live DO IT!!  The still play clubs and small venues and it will be one of the best concerts you ever go to!!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000003JAU', u"If you are not a Tull fan or never heard Tull before , this is the perfect CD for you. &quot;Too old to rock and roll, Too young to die&quot; is worth your money.Placing Locomotive Breath between Too old.. and Skating away... is a sin. The mood shift is unimaginable. Program your player such that #4 plays last or never. Its a beautiful song with great lyrics,  but I would have loved to see Cross Eyed Mary instead.Listen carefully to the lyrics of Songs from the Wood, Thick as a Brick and Minstrel in the gallery. Tull is about poetry of images.The CD has songs recorded since '69 and the quality is very good."))
(4.0, (u'B0000014KZ', u"Former Sun Ra Arkestra trumpeter Michael Ray bills his music as &quot;Jazz-Funk of the Future,&quot; and I'd have to say that was pretty accurate.  For the most part, this is a serious jazz recording, which takes an Earth, Wind and Fire style detour in places, as well as the beguiling New Orleans funk style of &quot;Beans and Rice.&quot;  One interesting feature of this recording is the intelligent, swinging use of steel drums along with the more conventional jazz instrumentation of trumpet, alto sax, trombone, piano and rythm section.  All musicians on this recording are very sharp performers, and Michael Ray can flat out play a trumpet.  A CD that cries out for a follow-up."))
(4.0, (u'B000003QYU', u"I was real impressed with this album. Phoebe snow has always had a remarkable voice, but usually had a very uneven choice of songs. In this album, Phoebe goes in for some classics from the late 1960's and early 1970's. To my mind, the ploy works. I recall listening to &quot;Piece of My Heart&quot;, knowing I knew the song, but being unable to place it. When it finally hit me that it was a remake of an old Janis Joplin song it floored me, much as Snow's rendition of &quot;If I Only had a Brain/a Heart/the Nerve&quot; from the Wizard of Oz a few years ago had. When she applies her skills to a song, she makes you hear it anew. and these are songs that benefit from the treatment.  Her version of Van Morrison's &quot;Madame George&quot; from his seminal Astral Weeks album bring the words into focus, and enliven the vivid reminiscences Morrison embedded within the song.She similarly enlivens both Dylan's &quot;It Takes a Lot to Laugh, It Takes a Train to Cry&quot; and the old Blind Willie Johnson Blues &quot;Lord, I Can't Keep from Crying&quot; with fresh, sturdy interpretations that allow the listener to appreciate the songs anew.Give it a try."))
(4.0, (u'B000006FBS', u"Fripp's electronic soundscapes have become increasingly programmatic in recent years, and it isn;t at all obvious to me how this helps the music.  The Gates of Paradise is his darkest, and probably his most sophisticated work to date, combining pipe organ like tone clusters (did he sample an organ for this CD?) with the wailing of lost souls.I doubt that Hell would ever be as dramatic and interesting as this.  The background music in Hell is more likely written by John Tesh or Ace of Base.That said, if you're interested in Fripp's work at all, you have to have this CD, but if you're not, you're probably better off starting out with &quot;Blessing of Tears&quot;, Summers/Fripp &quot;I Advance Masked,&quot; or the sublime &quot;Let the Power Fall,&quot; as &quot;Gates of Paradise&quot; is relatively inaccessible."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025ZF', u"In the late 1970s, Roger Waters sat the other members of Pink Floyd down and played them two demo tapes.  One, he said, he would make into an album/movie with the band, the other he would do as a solo project.  One was &quot;The Wall,&quot; the other was &quot;The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking.&quot;While I think the band made the right choice, Waters's first solo album does have some catchy riffs (how could it not, with Eric Clapton on guitar?), especially in the title song which I think is the album's strongest track.  The album covers a man's early-morning dream sequence, which -- as you can guess from the song titles -- ventures into nightmare more often than not.  The recurring theme is fear of loneliness, which dissipates as soon as the narrator wakes up next his beloved.  Both musically and conceptually, I think this is the best of Waters's solo albums."))
(4.0, (u'B000002MMW', u"If you're looking for traditional cowboy music, you might want to look elsewhere because some of these songs, particularly &quot;Rhymes of the Renegades&quot; and &quot;The Wild West Is Gonna Get Wilder&quot; strike me as being fairly recent compositions.  But if you're looking for a collection of ballads and songs about the Old West, this album is well worth getting.  Many of the songs tell, in brief, the stories of famous outlaws.  Some of the songs like &quot;Big Iron&quot;, &quot;Rhymes of the Renegades&quot;, and &quot;The Wild West Is Gonna Get Wilder&quot; are bright and spirited.  Others, like &quot;Ghost Riders in the Sky&quot;, &quot;Frank James' Farewell&quot;, and &quot;Birmingham Jail&quot; are melancholy and haunting.  Overall, if you'd like an album that gives you a taste of the Wild West, this is the album to get.  The only thing keeping it from getting a 10 is that some of the songs, &quot;El Paso&quot;, &quot;Sonora's Death Row&quot;, and &quot;Belle Starr&quot; in particular, don't hold up well with repeated playings."))
(4.0, (u'B000002BFZ', u'&quot;No Code&quot; came on the back of &quot;vitology&quot;, an album seen as a commercial failure by many.Whilst Vitology focused itself on heavy guitar riffs and roof top vocals, No code marked a new maturity within the band and with the addition of the very talented Jack Irons(brilliant during &quot;In my tree&quot;)the group explored new sounds, heard in the middle eastern sounding &quot;who you are&quot;, unfortunatly many of their fans who adored them with ten and Vs were unable to apreciate what i believe to be the best display of Eddie Vedders singing talent, illustrated during &quot;off he goes&quot; and the melencholic &quot;present tense&quot; .This album in comparison to the crazy days of &quot;ten&quot; follows a slihtly more mellow trail. Let this not be a put off. No code is a fantastic album and shows truely a band that have come of age, finally shrugging off the Nirvana-alike status and carving out a sound unique to them.'))
(4.0, (u'B0000033FG', u"This is the first album without the Asia Hallmark - The Voice of John Wetton. It feels and sounds like a transitional project where some songs sound like they were made for Wetton and some, on the other hand, written for the new vocalist - John Payne. John Payne has an excellent almost an Opera voice, though it's not really heard on this album fully. I think it reaches a peak on the next one, ARIA which for me is the groups strongest after the departure of J. Wetton.  Aqua is actually a very good album. Very good vocals vocals &amp; instrumental playing. Steve Howe &amp; Carl Palmer appear on this one too - but not on all songs. So it's more or less in Geoff Downes's hands! Very strong, symphonic melodies that tie up with the futuristic and oceanic 'battle' theme of the cover. The songs blend into each other rather nicely and some of them are really great: Who will stop the rain, A far Cry, Lay down Your Arms, Voice of reason, Love under fire (Greg Lake also sings this one, but John does a better job)and the Epic - Heaven on Earth (this one could easily be a James Bond Theme). Al Pittreli guitars are quite good as well as additional drumming. There are one or two weaker songs and two beautiful instrumentals. As I said it's very good but something is missing for it to be great. Somehow some of the Asia magic is gone. I recommended it highly and give it time - it grows on you day by day."))
(4.0, (u'B000002U75', u"Listening to this CD is refreshing... it starts really well, providing catchy tunes up 'til track five, all following a somewhat Irish tradition. The second part of the CD leaves the Irish music and goes to more general violin-based tunes (gipsy-music and the like), still good stuff, but in general having less quality than the first part.Therefore I rate this CD only a 7: were the second part in the same style as the first it certainly would have been higher; now I unfortunately have the impression the group &quot;had to fill the CD with in total 10 songs&quot;.Still, the violin-player of the group certainly masters his instrument, no doubt from me in that area."))
(4.0, (u'B00000638Q', u"I had read a lot of reviews saying that this album wouldn't appeal to fans of the DMB live jam sound.  I disagree. These songs are very much in the vein of their earlier stuff but with more variety and instrumentation.  In general, their strength still lies with their stellar musicianship--they are incredible--not with Dave's songwriting, which is inconsistent.  The production quality of the album is superlative, of course.  I think from a business standpoint this release fits perfectly...give the old fans what they want with a few new surprises to stretch their ears.  However, The first single (Don't Drink the Water) has alienated all of my friends.  And Dave even made Alanis Morissette sound talented on the last song."))
(4.0, (u'B000000OWJ', u"All you have to do is look at the back of the CD and see their faces, and you know &quot;them boys ain't right.&quot;  Fortunately for us, it hasn't impacted their ability to completely crack us up with such self-flagellationary tunes as &quot;I wish I was Queer So I Could Get Chicks&quot; and &quot;Why's Everybody Always Picking On Me&quot; (cause nobody likes you, monkey boy!).  If you're easily offended, avoid this one folks.  If not, prepare to laugh till you  can't stand.  They also do a remarkably good cover of &quot;It's Tricky.&quot;  If you like the Beastie Boys, you'll love this one."))
(4.0, (u'B000003PVX', u"As frightening as the idea of a French rap album might be for most people (including myself until recently), this album turns out to be quite good. Although an obvious attempt at an &quot;American&quot; record, this record delivers a lot more than the expected &quot;wannabe gangsta&quot; fare of most international rap. It's got some real &quot;soul&quot; to it, and a healthy share of European musical flare; such as on a rapped up cover version &quot;Papa was a Rolling Stone,&quot; which has a refreshingly new twist. And, of course, it doesn't hurt that the lyrics are almost all in French. Anyhow, overall I'd recommend this record highly for someone who likes American rap, but who's tired of hearing the same old thing and wants to hear a new approach. And be sure to give track 4 a listen -- it's a real winner."))
(4.0, (u'B000000QFY', u"This is a good band from Holland that is a footnote in the history of late 60s - early 70s rock and roll.  Only one song, the title track, has lyrics (although there are vocal parts on some other tracks, most notably the yodelling on Hocus Pocus).  The final track, Eruption, takes up the entire 2nd side on vinyl and reminds me at times of Jethro Tull's Thick as a Brick.  While certainly not among the greatest works of all time, this is a good album and I recommend it for those looking for something with that 'classic rock' feel, but which hasn't been played to death on radio."))
(4.0, (u'B0000029YC', u"That was the first thing that caught me when I went to see Titanic recently- the sorrowful, weepy crooning had me in tears before the movie began.  Horner has raised my goosebumps, and the last composer to do that was John Williams.  I think this is an excellent soundtrack, except I was disappointed to learn that the &quot;steerage class&quot; music was missing- Guess I'll have to pick up that Volume 2 everyone is talking about.  Much of the music is reminiscent of Enya, with her synthesized vox and uillean pipes.  But I have to complain about &quot;My heart will go on&quot;- I'm no Celine Dion fan, and the placement of this song on the CD (Track 14) really got my goat- this song should have been the last track on the CD.  It's easier to program out that way."))
(4.0, (u'B000001FLJ', u"There are (or were, sadly) a few amazing things about Roy Buchanan: he learned his craft in the American North, and he played a simple Telecaster directly into an amp, no effects. So his blues land somewhere between Motown and the Band, and his tone is all hand made - he holds and stretches notes as an art form, deriving effects from pure string attack and picking tricks. On this CD, the live version of &quot;Roy's Bluz&quot; is a masterpiece, showing just how far he could take the unadorned guitar. Everything on the disk is amazing, even the rare Roy vocals, but I would own it just for that 8 min. track."))
(4.0, (u'B000002ANX', u"Track 1:  I Believe/You'll Never Walk Alone - love the variation on a golden oldie. Track 5: On Holy Ground - the last few bars where it all goes up, up, up and away just takes me with it too.  Turn the volume up full throttle here. Track 3:  At the Same Time - took a little while to appreciate but now it stirs my motherly soul. Track 4:  Tell Him - addictive. Track 6:  If I Could - reflects my thoughts on being a mother. Track 12:  Avinu Malkeinu - seems to pull at some ancestral heart strings.  Don't know why though - don't have any known Hebrew/Jewish ancestry.  Soul stirring! Great album - wish there was more."))
(4.0, (u'B000005CMS', u"Molloy is (IMHO) the world's best traditional flautist, while Keane is a magnificent virtuoso fiddler.  But I find this album almost painful to listen to.  Keane's approach to a tune is to sidle up to it, whisper sweet nothings in its ear, and seduce it;  Molloy walks straight up to it, looks it in the eye, and says &quot;Let's do it.&quot;  This discrepancy isn't apparent when both men are playing with the Chieftains because everyone's individual style is rather lost in the shuffle (or they're playing solos and free to do their own thing).  But on this album Keane is trying to suppress his natural discursiveness and follow Molloy's straight-ahead approach to the tunes, and it just doesn't work.  It's still a good album because both men are wonderful musicians, but they don't mesh well (Molloy's album with Tommy Peoples, who shares his musical approach, is a horse of quite another color)."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025NO', u'The selections here were recorded in 1937, and some still include Roy Rogers. There are some very nice harmonies here, along with great songs like Song of the Bandit, When the Golden Train Comes Down, and Cowby Night Herd Song. Cajon Stomp is a nice duet between the Fahr brothers, and must have been similar to the  &quot;spontaneous&quot; fillers they used to do on live radio spots. Send Him Home to Me is a good showcase of their close harmonies. There is a really handy fold-up liner notes with a lineup-chronology, pictures, and history. The only bad thing is it is just 10 songs!'))
(4.0, (u'B000003ROE', u"It's probably K record's style to be somewhat hit-and-miss; to have a broad band of music styles to intrigue and entertain.  This compilation achieves these goals.  A collection of seven-inch vinyl releases, the highlights of the disc are (if you're into K's pop style) an old Crabs song (if you're a fan, you've already heard it), some Lois, the good version of Kicking Giant's &quot;She's Real,&quot; Wandering Lucy, Modest Mouse, Versus, and Heavenly.  If you dig these bands, you should check these alternate releases of songs you might already love.  If you want to dig these bands, this disc would be a good starting point in exploring the K-punk world."))
(4.0, (u'B00000010Z', u"Unfortunately it was a bad year for music.  That's why it only gets an 8 but no other albums would get a higher rating from me (this year).'Time after time' a remake of an 80's tune by ? is just fabulous.  At first I thought 'you gotta be kidding me'.  But after hearing it a few times I was hooked.  Delivered with so much feeling and power it's incredible.  Infectious beats and oh so smooth.Now there are a few sub-par cuts but overall a real gem.  if you're anything like me you'll find yourself listening to it over and over again."))
(4.0, (u'B000002NFA', u'The opening track, "Soap Disco," hits you with a burst of power-pop energy. The familiar post-Beatles chord progression goes down easy. Seems like you\'ve heard this before. Just who do these guys -- four recent Brentwood High graduates, snappily suited and shaded -- sound like? It takes you a while to nail it, but finally it comes, helped by Adam Levine\'s high, unaffected voice: the Outfield. Think back to the mid-\'80s. Remember "Your Love"? "Voices of Babylon"? "My Paradise"? Now you have some sense of &quot;The Fourth World&quot; -- except that the comparison doesn\'t take into account the irrational exuberance of Kara\'s Flowers, who play the hell out of their tight, catchy songs. This is a fun, fun album, infected with singalong rock `n\' roll joy. The rough patches are easy to overlook. Give these guys a few years on the road to toughen them up, and great things might happen. I mean, at 18, how much in the way of dues can they actually have paid?'))
(4.0, (u'B000002P82', u"On behalf of discerning fans of singer-songwriters, I'd like to thank all of you for finally making Shawn Colvin a superstar. Now, if you don't mind, it's Jonatha Brooke's turn. This is the most radio-friendly of Brooke's four albums (the first two as the brains of the folk-pop duo The Story) and her best bid for fame to date, showcasing her wonderful melodic sense, wry wit and high, startlingly clear voice. Her acoustic-electric songs, livened by the occasional surprise trip-hop drumbeat or jagged guitar blast, are cool gems that stick firmly in the mind. But the real reason you should make Brooke a star is so she can return to pushing musical boundaries. For all its many charms, her new release seems a bit calculated, a bit . . . *safe*. With arty, ambitious songs founded on pristine harmonies, the two Story albums sounded like nothing else (particularly recommended: 1993's &quot;The Angel in the House&quot;). Within established idioms, they took chances. &quot;10 Wings&quot; doesn't.Also: Brooke is a magnificent live performer -- personable and funny, with impeccable musicianship and intriguing rearrangements of songs from throughout her career. She is not to be missed."))
(4.0, (u'B000005P5E', u"This collection showcases a wide range of music from the various Celtic countries.  The quality of the selections varies considerably:  4 yn y Bar is a knockout (and I wish their albums were easier to find -- I've had no luck so far), the Poozies (love that name!) and Altan tracks are great, and &quot;Culloden's Harvest&quot; is beautifully done and heart-rending.  Maire Breatnach's contribution is lovely, too, and I've subsequently bought both of her albums. The Milladoiro selection is pleasant but not typical of their style, which is lively to the point of being raucous at times.  At the other end of the spectrum, &quot;The Tree&quot; puts me to sleep, &quot;The Lone Harper&quot; is only so-so, and the clarsach accompaniment on the final track is amazingly inept although the vocal is very sweet.  This album is a great way to become acquainted with a variety of groups and musical styles, but it's definitely a mixed bag."))
(4.0, (u'B0000007Y5', u"If you're looking for background music, this isn't it:  Ball's fine harp accompaniment is used to enhance a series of (mostly traditional) tales.  This is an album you have to LISTEN to -- you can't just put it on and fill out your Form 1040 or tangle with rush-hour traffic.  As a storyteller Ball is a pleasure to hear, tasteful (I loathe performers who overdo a fake Irish brogue!), and has a wonderful sense of drama that brings even the more familiar stories to life.  I've heard him do most of this material in person, and I think that without the audience a recorded version will always be second best.  Still, it's stimulating, and some of the tales will have you weeping into your ginseng tea."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025ZK', u"David Gilmour's second solo album, About Face, is surprisingly underrated. I have always thought that it is strong and shows a side of DG that is lyrically personal and not exactly (for the time) Floydian, but is instrumentally everything that a DG/Floyd fan loves about his sensational craft.  The songs reveal a sweet and expressive man (which later shows up on post-RW Floyd projects) who stands on his own as an artist. I still give this collection a listen every now and then, and while perhaps it is a bit dated, being years later, it is still enjoyable.  For his trademark riffs, the tracks Murder and Let's Get Metaphysical provide a great fix.  I hope that David Gilmour will not only do another Floyd project, but a third solo album in addition to his guest contributions to and producing of other musicians."))
(4.0, (u'B000006NY3', u'Smart-aleck but never smart-ass, the Beatles-inspired Loud Family is more meticulous and literate than recent Guided by Voices, with whom it shares a muse, and brainier than just about anyone. More evidence has arrived, in the form of the S.F.-based quartet\'s new release. The nine songs are pretty straightforward arty power pop, easier first listens than those on 1996\'s brilliant but somewhat cramped &quot;Interbabe Concern&quot; (if not as glistening as 1993\'s gorgeous &quot;Plants and Birds and Rocks and Things&quot;); each song is preceded by a one-minute shard of throwaway interlude, but after the first play-through, you\'ll just program all of them out, so don\'t worry about it. Despite the unpredictable arrangements and songwriter/producer Scott Miller\'s acquired-taste singing (with slightly jarring harmonies by new keyboardist Alison Faith Levy), there\'s plenty of straight-ahead rocking -- check out the grinding "Deee-Pression" -- and enough guitar hooks and sparkling melody to transform Miller\'s cascades of puns and personal and geographic references into bright singalong chants (just try to get the warm chorus of "Crypto-Sicko" out of your head). And as an added bonus, in the bouncy "Cortex the Killer," he even name-checks his hometown of Sacramento for the first time since his \'80s days fronting Davis-based indie heroes Game Theory!'))
(4.0, (u'B000003TCL', u"I will admit it: I am a Nirvana fan, and I bought this album to see what Krist Novoselic (previously Nirvana's bass player) was doing now. I think it's  kinda unfair to Sweet 75 that I only bought their album cos of this, but anyway...Sweet 75 are no more, they broke up after this album (no thanks to Geffen, btw!) - And it's a real pity. This is a really good album, there are some great songs on here. Krist shares the guitar and bass duties with his fellow band member, Yva Las Vegas, who sings on all the songs (and two of them in Spanish!). This is a very musically accomplished album, with a mix of various styles. Krist said he wanted to do something totally different from Nirvana, and he has, but then again, it's not a million miles distant from his previous band. A lot of the songs on the album have a clear grunge influence, and there are some nice grungy riffs. Yva has a beautiful, versatile and powerful voice. It's hard to define the album, but I found it refreshingly different and liked it a lot. I don't want to dwell on Nirvana, but as a comparison, I liked this album more than the second Foo Fighters album  (The Colour And The Shape). Sweet 75's only other release is an Australian-only single (&quot;Lay Me Down&quot;). Personally, although I don't know too much  about Sweet 75, I know that I liked them and I'm  gonna miss 'em. Good luck to Yva and Krist in their next band projects..."))
(4.0, (u'6300248437', u"After reading George Eliot's masterpiece, Silas Marner, I rented this video from my local library. I was presently surprised to see that the movie followed the basic pattern of the book. Though there were a few variances, for the most part Ben Kingsley did a masterful job of bringing Silas Marner to life. Kingsley's portrayal of the old miser was stunning. However, the best acting came from the young lady who portrayed the heroin-addicted wife of Godfrey Cass. The love between Eppie and Silas was almost felt by the viewers. Kingsley is a most remarkable actor, and this is one movie that you should purchase for your own collection.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000003QYO', u"The CD is inspirational.  I especially like He Changed My Life; Father, Son, and Holy Ghost Is He; Prayer Will Change It and Shelter In the Time of Storm.  Based on today's world, Prayer Will Change It sends a strong message to everyone to change the world.  Shelter in the Time of Storm also has a good message for anyone who is feeling down in the dumps.  The clincher, however, is He Changed My Life.  It sums up every song on the CD, and, incidentally, it is the last track on the CD.  Great job, Cissy Houston.  Sure would like to hear some more from you."))
(4.0, (u'B000002BPC', u"G Love &amp; Special Sauce are at their most playful and most sentimental on this disc. &quot;Yeah it's That Easy&quot; offers a broader range of song themes than the self-titled previous album.  Take &quot;I-76&quot; a blast of song about gettin' to the 76ers game...you can imagine yourself with him and his boys on the way to the game. &quot;Lay Down the Law&quot; employs soul-felt gospel style singing, though it's not a gospel song.  &quot;When We Meet Again&quot; is for anyone who misses old friends...G Love will reminisce with you.  &quot;Slipped Away&quot; (the ballad) is kind of a downer for me, but doesn't keep me from appreciating the whole disc.G Love artfully blends all sorts of modern styles to deliver his own brand of uptempo music. It's not rock, it's not rap, it's not jazz, it's just good damn music! I think he's in a class all his own. We need more artists like him to keep the scene fresh, upbeat, and accessible.If you're looking for something new and don't know what to buy, buy this!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002BQK', u"Mariah has always had a good voice.  However, as with so many other performers a good voice does not necessarily lead to great songs or great albums.  Thank the producers of this album for they have used her talents very well.So much of Mariah's work lacks (real) emotion or energy past the superficial.  This album is bringin' it (finally).  As with Whitney Houston, age and experience have brought more substance to her singing.  I just hope it continues.'The roof' is just phenomenal!  If you've been a fan of her's prior to this album then I would suggest that you dig this one and see what the next level is.  There are a few week cuts though which bring down the overall rating."))
(4.0, (u'B0000033E9', u"This album, when released in 1969, sold very little and was considered to be an artistic low point by many critics. But a relisten proves this to be exaggerated. While it is not their best album, it does have its moments. Each one has a shining moment: Micky's &quot;Mommy and Daddy&quot; is a tune that questions their &quot;bubblegum&quot; image, especially the outtake version. Mike's &quot;Listen to the Band&quot; is here, and Davy's &quot;Looking For the Good Times&quot; is not only an apt title for this period in their career, but it's a real good song as well. Of course, the disposable tracks do bring the album down: Nesmith's over-long &quot;Never Tell a Woman Yes&quot; and the &quot;what the...?&quot; song &quot;Ladies Aid Society&quot;. The bonus tracks on the CD show that there was plenty of quality material done at these sessions for Colgems to issue such dumb material. But don't let those two tracks discourage you: this is a fine 1969 release. There are even psychedelic moments on here as well, most notably &quot;The French Song&quot;. Give this one a try, you'll enjoy it."))
(4.0, (u'B000005EGP', u'Laura Nyro, who died early this year at 49, never had a hit, but five of her white-soul songs made it to the Top 10 courtesy of other artists (mostly the 5th Dimension). As such, her music seems particularly ripe for a tribute album, and "Time and Love" is far stronger than most similar records. Credit goes not only to Nyro\'s hooky, Tin Pan Alley-style songs-all written before she turned 25-but to the terrific collection of women who interpret them. Jill Sobule and the Roches turn in appropriately adorable versions of "Stoned Soul Picnic" and "Wedding Bell Blues," Rosanne Cash and Beth Nielsen Chapman give strong, straightforward readings of "Save the Country" and "Stoney End," Holly Cole steams up "Sweet Blindness," the marvelous Jonatha Brooke does a subtle take on &quot;He\'s a Runner,&quot; and Lisa Germano turns "Eli\'s Comin\'" brilliantly into a spooky, ominous mood piece. "Time and Love" wouldn\'t be an official tribute album if there weren\'t some failed attempts; here they come courtesy of Sweet Honey in the Rock, who moan through a melody-free incantation of "And When I Die," and Leni Stern and her long, New Agey guitar-instrumental reading of "Upstairs by a Chinese Lamp." But this CD is a perfect introduction-or addition-to Nyro\'s work.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002WBM', u"When the Chieftains do their traditional thing, they're matchless.  Even some of their more experimental tracks are riveting, such as Matt Molloy's spooky arrangement of &quot;The Strayaway Child&quot; and Van Morrison's lively &quot;Boffyflow and Spike.&quot;  The Nanci Griffith solo is less effective, mainly because the recording accentuates the piercing quality of her voice (on the average boom box, this track is downright painful to listen to!).  The &quot;Millennium Celtic Suite&quot; leaves me cold because it doesn't show off any of the participants well;  I guess you had to have been there.  In general, this is an interesting album, but the overall quality isn't as high as on many of their others."))
(4.0, (u'B0000033E7', u"While it is easy to dismiss this album as being one of their less impressive efforts, a closer listen will make you reconsider. This is by no means a TERRIFIC album, but its eclectic nature is notable. From cheery pop (&quot;Tear Drop City&quot;) to hard rock (&quot;You and I&quot;) to country (&quot;Don't Wait for Me&quot;), this album covers a lot of ground. Highlights include the beautiful Nesmith song &quot;While I Cry&quot;, Davy's &quot;A Man Without a Dream&quot; and Micky's &quot;Shorty Blackwell&quot;. The Monkees' career in '69 was a shaky one, but this album shows that had it been more successful, the Monkees could have really invented themselves. Unfortunately, this wasn't the case. Judge for yourself, maybe you'll think that this IS, in fact, one of their more impressive efforts."))
(4.0, (u'B000002MKA', u"Jaco's live album &quot;Invitation&quot;, recorded live in Japan (originally a double album, I believe, with a different title in the US), is an excellent large-venue recording. &quot;The Birthday Concert&quot;, however, is special because it was obviously recorded in a much smaller hall, resulting in a much more intimate listening experience.Co-produced by drummer Peter Erskine, the CD consits of music culled from 2 live performances by the Word of Mouth big band at a party thrown by Jaco for his own 30th birthday. While the opus rendition of &quot;Invitation&quot; and the experimental &quot;Reza&quot; are more than a bit difficult to listen to in entirity (MUCH better versions of both songs can be found on the live CD &quot;Invitiation&quot;), the remaining selections, including the uplifting &quot;Liberty City&quot;, the funky &quot;Soul Intro: The Chicken&quot;, and the college pep-bandish &quot;Domingo&quot;, make this CD well worth a spot in anyone's collection.Although it was a nice idea to leave Jaco's brief comments between songs in the final production, Mr. Erskine should not have included Jaco's lengthy introduction of the band members; this information is best left to the liner notes in the CD jacket. Another minus is the inclusion of &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;, arranged and played by the band as a surprise for Jaco; this tune loses its charm after the second or third listen.Listen carefully to hear Jaco vocalizing and giving directions to the band throughout the recording. Guests: Michael Brecker, Bob Mintzer, Don Alias, Peter Erskine, others."))
(4.0, (u'B000002DPK', u"As a newcomer to Latin American music, this one took me several listens to truly appreciate, but now it's one of my favorites.  Gilberto Santa Rosa's voice is pleasantly raspy,and his phrasing is very deft.  There are several different arrangers for the eleven tracks, and each succeed.  My particular favorite is &quot;Que Manera de Quererte&quot; written by Emilio Rios and arranged by Pappo Lucca and Georgie Padilla.  This is good music either for listening or dancing, as it is rhytmic without being repetitious. The percussion is especially effective on &quot;Bendito Tiempo.&quot;  This is great music to listen to while cruising down the road towards vacation, and to remind you of it on the way home. And don't worry if you don't speak Spanish--the meaning comes through clearly enough."))
(4.0, (u'B000000QG3', u"This is a very good example of the versatility of Rory Gallagher's talent. This live performance includes tracks from various 70's albums of Rory Gallagher, and it is a must for anyone that would like to explore his warm, soulful, and Clapton-like bluesy style.  In fact in some cases one may argue that Gallagher exhibits more &quot;soul&quot; than even Clapton does! The only problem is that the studio versions of 3 of the songs included in this live album have never ever been released at all. The 3 songs I'm talking about are: &quot;Shin Kicker&quot;, &quot;Brute Force and Ignorance&quot;, and &quot;Shadow Play&quot; which includes a phenomenal guitar solo at the closing of the song in the studio version. These 3 tunes came from the album &quot;Photo Finish&quot; and it a REAL tragedy that this album, though full of wonderful songs featuring Rory at his best, has been totally ignored by the music industry. It is a total pity that classic albums like &quot;Photo Finish&quot; have ended up in the record labels' trash bags.  I wish more fans of Rory could write to the label that holds the original tapes and copyrights and &quot;Brute Force&quot; them out of their &quot;Ignorance&quot; and at last release this beautiful studio album in a CD version! But for a sample of Rory's &quot;Photo Finish&quot;, I guess, the live album will give some fairly good glimpses of his greatness and soulful play as well as his sparkling guitar solos to the ones that have never heard the original studio versions. But the live versions definitely come second. I rated &quot;Live in Europe/Stage Struck&quot; a 7, and in comparison I'd probaly rate &quot;Photo Finish&quot; an 8+ or 9."))
(4.0, (u'B000002W22', u"In 1976, Elvis' world was literally crashing down. He was in poor health, he was constantly working, and he was bored with the endless tours and Vegas shows. This album was recorded at his home, Graceland. He didn't feel like going to the studio, so RCA brought the equipment in his famous &quot;Jungle Room&quot;. The result? A melancholy, bluesy album which can be hard to listen to at times, mainly for the obvious pain Elvis appears to be feeling. Upon hearing the opening song, &quot;Hurt&quot;, you know that this is going to be a rather &quot;less-than-happy&quot; album. &quot;Hurt&quot; is one of the best songs that Elvis recorded in the 70s; the power of his voice and the drama of the spoken middle eight really shows a man bearing his soul. Other songs on this album also show his dark side: &quot;Bitter They Are, Harder They Fall&quot;, &quot;Solitaire&quot;, and &quot;I'll Never Fall In Love Again&quot; are the most obvious. &quot;For the Heart&quot; is a change of pace tune: It is happier and more bouncy than the others (a great outtake of this can be found on the &quot;Platinum&quot; box). Don't let this album make you think that these sessions were in a sour atmosphere. Elvis really had fun making this album. Outtakes and reliable accounts say that he was as nice and funny as usual between takes to songs. But, being a professional, he shows absolutely no signs of such attitude on the finished product. It is not his best, but it is perhaps the most honest."))
(4.0, (u'B000006041', u"First and foremost music has to be about the music.  Lyrics and style are vital as well but I say if you're looking for prose go read a book of poems.  The music is bumpin' on this disc!Now that's not to say that the message is weak.  It certainly is not.  As always Guru has a lot to say.  My criticism of them in the past has been that many of their compositions placed too much emphasis on the lyrics / message rather than the music.  Not so on this one.Check out 'Business / Personal' which to me is the slamminest cut on the disc.Unfortunately there are a few week cuts on this one.  i.e. the 8 rating.  The good cuts are great but the lesser ones are your all too typical modern day rap fair."))
(4.0, (u'B000007P6J', u"Prospecting for Gold Dust - the untold story It's a miracle this album ever came out. The story begins with Marcel Rodd, whose Saga records label had been the first to feature the then undeveloped but already exciting voice of the young Sandy Denny. In the 70s I was publishing Folk News, and Rodd approached me to ask if I could help him find some of the exciting new folk talent everyone was telling him about. He turned down every one of the fairly trad performers I recommended to him, until I remarked that Sandy was emerging from pregnancy and childbirth to go back on the road, and would be concluding her tour in London in November. Sandy's decade-long deal with Island Records had come to an end, and so she might be available. He jumped at the chance to get her back on to his label, and asked me to set it up. I hired the Fairport recording genius, John Wood, to master the concert and one Sunday night he was ensconced in the Island mobile off Kingsway, getting it all down. But when we played back the tapes . . . disaster! There was a nasty whistle right across every track. Where it had come from, nobody could say. Woodsie assured us he could remove it, but Rodd was adamant: he wasn't going to pay for them, so the tapes languished. I had the monitor mix of the event, with all the dropping in and out as Woodsie punched his buttons, and I came to love it, warts and all. Because it's got to be admitted that these performances weren't Sandy's best. She'd had a bad cold for most of the tour, and at this final concert she was very, very tired. Her voice showed it. Her relationship with Trevor, always stormy at the best of times, was not going well, and she wasn't happy. However, Sandy had always been able to sublimate her emotional feelings into her music, and this event was no different from others, when she could tear out of her very soul music to touch the heart like no one ever has, before or since. But after her death, when Trevor was assembling the excellent 'best of' album, I urged him to include at ! least some tracks from the concert. He persuaded Island to buy the tapes, gave them a listen, and rejected them as not being good enough to stand as a memorial to her work.  I thought he was wrong then, and I still do, on listening to this very cleaned-up and slightly 'improved' (with overdubbed backing vocals from Simon Nicol and Chris Leslie) CD. Frankly, my grotty monitor mix has Sandy's voice more prominent (whatever happened at the beginning of I'm a Dreamer, in which she sounds as if she's singing the theatre foyer?) Even so, listening to them again still makes my blood run cold, and the hairs stand up at the back of my head. Singing, just singing, was never meant to be as intense as this. I can hardly bear to listen. When I was assembling The Electric Muse (the original four-album set with the Shirtsleeve Studio artwork, not the travesty 're-release' put out last year by Castle Communications), David Betteridge of Island gave me privileged access to the Island vaults, to listen to a whole lot of unreleased product (including the never-released Maverick Child single from Fairport VI, with Roger Hill on the vocals). Alongside brilliant alternative readings of stuff like the inevitable Sloth and a great Calvary Cross, were some traditional renditions of ballads like Lord Bateman, with a whole range of backings, including Steve Winwood on keyboard on one version. Unfortunately, Sandy's was merely a guide track for the musicians, not even properly on mic. I urged her several times to go back and record the vocals properly, but she said she regarded it as past history, something she couldn't get to work. However, those tracks are still there, somewhere, wherever Polygram (or Seagram's whisky, the label's new owners) have stashed them. Who knows, someone might be able to work a miracle and bring her vocals to centre stage. They can do wonders with electronics, these days. Oh well . . . perhaps not."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025IO', u"I discovered Taj Mahal in 1969 via The Natch'l Blues and have been enthralled ever since. Taj has a voice that resonates with velvet, honey and pain.  The songs are a fairly good selection from his first five or six albums.Most are not originals, but old blues standards. One has a reggae flair, which fits in nicely, not jarring, as you might imagine. Leaving Trunk has been covered by most blues revival groups and is a fitting entry into this wonderful selection of very accessible Delta Blues.One small quibble:  Gorgeous songs such as The Cuckoo and Corinna should have been included... but then, I'm sure,  this would have ended being a double CD."))
(4.0, (u'B000003BLF', u'This isn\'t the instrumental score, but the mostly-vocal soundtrack for this Oscar award-winning film (Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Actress). It does, however, feature two tracks from master composer Jerry Goldsmith. He\'s probably best known for the Oscar-nominated score for another fine set-in-LA neo-noir, "Chinatown." His work here is quite similar--but with a bit more bite, as befits the cinematic version of a hardhitting James Ellroy text ("L.A. Confidential" is part of his famed "L.A. Quartet"). The vocal tracks cover the pre-rock era of the early-1950s (the film is set in 1953): Dean Martin (upon whom Kevin Spacey based his Jack Vincennes character) clocks in with "The Christmas Blues", Chet Baker croons "Look for the Silver Lining," and more. Compiled by director Curtis Hanson ("Bad Influence," "Wonder Boys") and featuring detailed liner notes about each track.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002ISX', u"Tribute albums are always a mixed bag but the standard of material makes this listenable right the way through. The massive highlight for me is the Pixies doing 'I can't forget' in a true Pixies style and making it sound for all the world like it's always been their song - and one of their best songs at that. Truely breathtaking. If you like the Pixies and haven't heard this song buy the c.d. - it's worth it (and the rest is pretty good too!)John Cale's cover of 'Hallelujah' is a real unexpected gem while James mix up the lyrics on 'So Long Marianne' but come out on top and House of Love do a luxurious 'Who by Fire'. REM are disappointing with a really unadventurous plod through 'First we take Manhattan' - I anticipated a much more interesting interprettation from them.If you like Leonard Cohen or some of the bands here it's definitely worth getting - even the lesser covers don't damage some wonderful songs."))
(4.0, (u'B000001AEA', u"David Ruffin was the gruff-voiced master of the early Temptations.  His pencil-thin physique and black-rimmed glasses camouflaged a voice of pure soulful gold, and he drove the Tempts to higher and higher peaks with hits like &quot;My Girl&quot;, &quot;Ain't Too Proud To Beg&quot; and &quot;(I Know) I'm Losing You&quot;, all included in this collection.The collection, however, merely scratches the surface of the later material Ruffin recorded after his glory days with the Temptations.  True, &quot;I Miss You (Pt. 1)&quot; and &quot;Walk Away From Love&quot; are some of the best recordings he made during the period, but they were not the only songs worth hearing after Ruffin's salad days.  Motown Records has left the bulk of Ruffin's material unreleased since the initial album issues, and for fans like myself who came along too late to buy up the vinyl albums when they were issued, it is a terrible shame.  David Ruffin At His Best should have been a boxed set....or at least a completist 2-CD set.  More's the pity...."))
(4.0, (u'B000000OVZ', u"This live CD is important because the live Nirvana sound is so raw and full on and is the essence of who Nirvana were. Of course there are fans who will say 'Oh that track should've been there' and so on and I have read somewhere that there may be a companion collection coming out, which would be great.  There are also a number of live bootlegs around and I have one which sounds heaps better than 'The Muddy Banks.' It has no information with it but was clearly a post Nevermind pre In Utero gig. The point is that you hear every clap/yelp/scream of the audience and buzz/squawl/howl of the band. If anything, I think that 'Muddy banks' is too clean, and has lost some treble, so sounds a little thin.P.S. Kurt was dumb. There could've been so much more great music. He is NOT a hero, but an artist."))
(4.0, (u'B000002C4J', u"Let's face it.  Celine Dion has been overplayed so much on the radio that it's to the point where her voice has lost its smooth glamour and intimacy. LET'S TALK ABOUT LOVE is a well-crafted pop album with tons of top-act producers shaping it yet her voice gets lost in a lot of melodrama and overblown orchestration.  Some of the songs are unbearable: &quot;Treat Her Like A Lady&quot; and &quot;Just A Little Bit of Love.&quot;  Others are aching and powerful: &quot;My Heart Will Go On,&quot; &quot;Immortality,&quot; and the album's standout: &quot;To Love You More.&quot;  Pales in comparison to her Grammy Award winning album FALLING INTO YOU but still an infectious and winning CD."))
(4.0, (u'B000007NAW', u'One thing that can be said about Slayer is that they never lost their integrity.  However, it seems that the quality of their music has suffered ever since the release of the monumental &quot;Reign in Blood.&quot;  But before writing Slayer off to the &quot;has-been&quot; bin, listen to &quot;Diabolus in Musica,&quot; for it marks the triumphant return of the band.  Is it &quot;Reign in Blood, Pt. II&quot;?  Hell, no.  &quot;RIB&quot; is the greatest thrash/speed metal album of all time.  However, it is their best album since &quot;RIB.&quot;  The first three songs are unbelievable, and the entire album is strong.  So check it out.'))
(4.0, (u'B000000WA2', u"I bought The Great Escape after I bought Blur (the album with Song 2).  The Great Escape has a much cleaner sound than the new Blur, but the hooks and group dynamic is (or was) still there.  The whole album has a theme of reflection and sadness that I think the band tried to fit uniformly from song to song, and I beleive this forced a lot of the weaker tracks.  Either a song is a pitying commentary on these lives of longing or makes a satire out of a chracter's unhappy situation. You can tell the band ran out of ideas in spots.  Track for track the album has a high-hook-content, but sometimes they try too hard for that single (Something I think they grew out of on the latest Blur album).  America is missing out on great pop singles, it's too bad they sound so British."))
(4.0, (u'B0000064B8', u"No doubt goaded off their collective  arse by the success of agitpopsters  Chumbawamba and Stereolab  (whom they even ape on the  jaw-dropping &quot;Thunder&quot;), the Mekons  surprise by proving they had at  least one more good one in them. The  album concerns itself with the dual  boredoms of our day -- sex and  narcisscism -- with lyrcis that  range from ominous obliqueness to  deadpan hilarity. (Hearing Sally  Timms' blase recitation from a  sex-toy catalogue in &quot;Tourettes&quot; is  a highlight.) The music proves the  Mekons have been keeping up on  current trends in atmospheric,  beat-heavy music. Here's a suggestion to the band: follow ME with KONS, a suite about the criminals of caapitalism!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002VQZ', u"Read a review that said this was a great CD.  Hmmm..this guy went to Texas A&amp;M like I did.  I think I'll buy it and see what it's like.  Got it.  Slammed it in the old CD player as I drove the 45 minutes to and from work for a week or so.  First listen?  Hmmm..some good stuff there.  The more I listened, the better it got.  If I had to categorize this guy's music, I'm not sure I could.  But why bother?  It's simply GOOD STUFF.  He can rock.  He can do country.  He can go acoustic.  It all sounds good.  My favorite?  &quot;Oh Rosie&quot;.  Other good'uns?  &quot;Levelland&quot;, &quot;Shades of Gray&quot;, and &quot;Runnin' With the Night&quot; stand right up there with the best of Springsteen.  What more can I say?  Try it--you'll like it."))
(4.0, (u'B000003TCJ', u"The first several times I heard this CD, I was disappointed.  It could've been because I made the mistake of falling asleep to it playing over and over again.  I put it literally on the shelf and didn't listen to it again for several weeks.Then I picked it up again, and much like with 'Blind' I am unable to get the songs out of my mind, and find myself humming the melodies throughout the day.Where does Ms. Wheeler come up with such an innovative way to use her voice?  Where does Mr. Gavurin get that solid rhythm?  And why are those percussions always so non-standard but rivetting?A great, great third album from a group I cannot get enough of.  Keep bringing 'em like this one."))
(4.0, (u'B000005NNG', u"No Second Chance by CHARLIE has been one of my favorite albums since it was released when I was a Senior in High School.A fine example of the golden age of Rock and Roll, When the words meant something, the music was complex, well done, and actually dificult to play.On this particular album, the lead guitar is always kick-ass, the bass and drums are tight and in sync, and the vocals are harmonized very well.The lyrics apply as much today as they did in the mid to late 70's. Johnny Hold Back and No Second Chance are worth the price of the album by themselves. Lovers and Guitar Hero are great bonuses.Like dark beer, CHARLIE is an aquired taste. however, if it were released today, I think it would do very well. No Second Chance can be viewed as an opinion of Gangsta' Rap and the lifestyle that created it.The more things change, the more they stay the same."))
(4.0, (u'B000005RPW', u"Robin Trower's debut solo album after departing the confines of Procol Harem (best known for the song &quot;A Whiter Shade of Pale&quot;) is a celebration of his freedom from the group and explorations into the distorted blues stylings of the late Jimi Hendrix.  Accused by many of ripping off Jimi's sound, Robin would say that in order to make any progress as a modern guitarist, one would have to go through Jimi.  The palate of songs is a wide one, varying from the slow tempo and ethereal feel of &quot;Daydream&quot;, &quot;Hannah&quot;, and &quot;Ballerina&quot;, to more upbeat electric R&amp;B stylings of &quot;Man of the World&quot;, and &quot;I Can't Stand It&quot;.  There are some attempts at progress in the title track, but listening to them 25 years later (this album was originally released in 1973), you can definitely date the sound to its time period, similar to some of Steve Miller's work of this time.  If you are a Hendrix fan, and are new to Robin's music, I would recommend the &quot;Bridge of Sighs&quot; album first, then this one.  Other early titles like &quot;For Earth Below&quot; are also good, but towards the late 70's the group started to lose the edge that shows on the first 3 releases.  Aside from the guitar work, the vocals of James Dewar are quite good, and the drumming is also up to par for a good blues/rock trio."))
(4.0, (u'B000005YUP', u"...I hadn't heard more than four bars before I created my own Diana Krall fan club and elected myself president.  I could have easily rated this a five star recording.  I only reserved the status based on a couple of numbers I wouldn't have chosen, personally, but everything on the disc is a work of exceptional artistry.  If anyone has a weakness for hauntingly beautiful piano harmony accompaniment to a soul stirring vocal rendition, he or she won't want to miss &quot;Body and Soul&quot; on this album.  I hesitate to say how many years I have heard this standard recorded, and by how many performers. I would have easily agreed that I would never hear the song with a whole new life breathed into it.  It shows how unsafe it is to ever think that way about music.  It is hard to believe the voice of this girl came in the same package with all that piano talent. This girl is proof that the creator can be very uneven-handed with his gifts. Since buying the Album I have learned a little of the history of Diana Krall.  She comes from B.C. Canada and was a piano wiz kid that attracted some attention from high ranking people in the performing community.  The next thing I want to know is, when does she perform in my neighborhood?Gary S"))
(4.0, (u'B000005ZEN', u"This cd is in effect a re-release of the Rough Trade's number 56 issue VG&amp;TSS: A Retrospective 1977-81 from 1984, though this one tells a slightly different story.  A must for all, it is as close as we can come to those days for Vic Godard and the Sect.  It includes a limited ed. live cd with some 4 tracks, but Ambition, Different Story, Double Negative, and Stool Pigeon will keep you busy.  Find if you can &quot;Stand Back&quot; and the originals and then await the discovery of Yeah, Yeah, Noh.  Sublime Sect is all thanks to Hugo Lane.  Godard is a happy postman in So. London and plays to this day locally.  See &quot;End of the Surrey People&quot;.  Enjoy."))
(4.0, (u'B0000061CN', u"&quot;Mulan&quot; is comprised of basically two parts -- the songs that are quite Disney-isque (music by Mathew Wilder, lyrics by David Zippel), and a glorious score composed by Jerry Goldsmith. First, the songs. They are quite neat once you have listened to them a few times. A mix of oriental arrangement and standard pop songs -- not as delicious as the songs from &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; or &quot;Aladin&quot;, but certainly not too bad. &quot;Reflection&quot; is a nice, strong ballad, sung by the talented Lea Salonga. &quot;I'll Make a Man Out of You&quot; lead by Donny Osmond is quite a bouncy departure from an otherwise dark soundtrack. &quot;A Girl Worth Fighting For&quot;, while sexist, is comical and serves the story nicely -- afterall, it happened in ancient China. And that's why &quot;True to Your Heart&quot; is so out of place with the rest of the soundtrack. It doesn't belong here.Next, the score. Two words: beautiful, epic. Jerry Goldsmith has composed an Oscar worthy score, starting from &quot;Suite from Mulan&quot;, a beautifully orchestration of Wilder's songs, including a lovely rendition of &quot;Reflection&quot;, combined with the Mulan theme, which appears throughout the rest of the score. There are some ethnic elements in the score that add drama to the epic sound. &quot;Mulan's Decision&quot; and &quot;The Huns Attack&quot; are haunting. &quot;Blossoms&quot; and &quot;The Burned-out Village&quot; could bring tears in one's eyes.My score:  songs 3.5 stars, score  5 stars"))
(4.0, (u'B000000DS0', u'The compilation represents great value for money not to mention wonderful tracks; check out Diana Brown on Love in Return doing her thing, the first time you hear it you will want to put your  CD on repeat and the ambient laid back grooves on Like Water are very happenning. This is a good compo because it provides a nice balance of &quot;Acid Jazz&quot; sounds ( I am always reluctant to label this music as it encompasses so many aspects and types of sounds). Definitely one for the collection with Ronnie Jordan, Greyboy and some other well known names showing why this music more than any other continues to evolve!!!!Good on you people at SHANACHIE!!!!'))
(4.0, (u'B000000OCJ', u"Although the press reviews of this album were largely lukewarm, in the overall scheme of things it strikes me as an above-average effort.  Queen fans in particular will enjoy it -- &quot;Back to the Light&quot; contains plenty of the harmonies and multilayered guitar work that made Queen's work stand out, with perhaps a bit less of the bombast (and, dare I say it, self-importance) that marked some of their albums.  In general the songs are well-written, with only a few having truly throwaway lyrics, and the production is glossy and professional, as would be expected for Brian May.  Though vivdly recalling Queen, the album does represent somewhat of a branching-out for May, evident in the inclusion of more rock tunes than the last few Queen albums (&quot;Innuendo&quot; excepted) and even two instrumental tracks.Stylistically, &quot;Back to the Light&quot; is to some extent the sort of grab bag that the best Quuen albums have been.  It mixes ballads (&quot;Nothin' but Blue,&quot; &quot;Back to the Light&quot; and the slightly overwrought &quot;Just One Life&quot; and &quot;Too Much Love Will Kill You&quot;) with some rather Queen-like hard rock/pop metal songs, of which the best is &quot;Resurrection.&quot;  In terms of sheer fun, however, the most accessible tracks are &quot;Let Your Heart Rule Your Head,&quot; a country rocker that will appeal to even non-fans, and &quot;Driven by You,&quot; the commercial-jingle-turned-UK-hit single; there are also a couple of instrumental tracks that are quite beautiful.  The one true throwaway on the record is &quot;I'm Scared,&quot; a song that makes you wonder why May couldn't have come up with something better to put in its place.The backing musicians are all quite good, and of course May's trademark guitar work is excellent as ever.  &quot;Back to the Light's&quot; true musical weakness is Brian May's voice.  Although he fares well on the songs that stick to the middle range, sounding pleasant if somewhat light (and he does have some talent at expressin! g emotion), his voice becomes very thin and sounds dangerously close to cracking on some of the higher passages.  Only time will tell whether additional practice will smooth out the rough edges to the point where May can comfortably carry an album, vocally speaking -- he's almost there in terms of composition, and definitely there in terms of musicianship.  &quot;Back to the Light&quot; is not an outstanding album, but it is a good, solid effort that shows promise.  It remains to be seen whether May can successfully carve out an artistic identity separate from Queen in the public mind, but this is a good first step (if perhaps less adventurous than one might hope).Recommended to Queen fans (who probably all have it by now anyway) and to those who enjoy guitar-driven pop/rock recordings but don't mind a few quiet ballads."))
(4.0, (u'B000001UDU', u"Rromano Dives is an Albanian Romany (Gypsy) band: two fine singers backed by accordion, clarinet, violin, quiet electric guitar, electric bass and dumbek (hand drum). All the vocals are in the Romany language.The lead singer, Astrit &quot;Titi&quot; Qermimi, is well-known in Europe for his smoky, soulful voice; young Marjeta &quot;Chirikli&quot; Jashari sings in a natural style more reminiscent of traditional Balkan vocalists than theatrical Romany singers.The band performs a mix of traditional songs and their own compositions, all in a pop-influenced but reasonably mainstream Romany style. This is not your father's Albanian village music -- it's 100% urban.The band features acoustic lead instruments and a tastefully electrified rhythm section -- no turbofolk synthesizers or drum machines here, thank you.Many of the selections are dance tunes, including several good chocheks. My favorites: E Semesquiri Gili, the slow opening tune; Hajde Dudo k-o Bunari, a love song in 7/8; Basandutni, an instrumental chochek; and the up-tempo songs Malkondas Man o Devel and Godarav Sas.The band is tight and the instrumentalists are proficient. Accordionist Nafael Tsaka and dumbek player Jenuz Duka stand out, but clarinetist Bir Xhambazi and violinist Halil Xhaferaj contribute some fine solos, even if their intonation sometimes goes slightly astray. The material's great: lively, mostly uptempo, very accessible and delivered with feeling.If you like modern Balkan Gypsy music or Bulgarian wedding music -- Ferus Mustafov, Ivo Papasov, for example -- you'll like this CD. The emphasis isn't on a single virtuoso performer, though -- this is a closely knit ensemble playing bright, tight arrangements that probably go over well on the radio. I'd love to see these guys live."))
(4.0, (u'B000006N6B', u"Latin Funk, Chilean Funk, Power Funk, . . . a few of the feeble creative attempts at labeling this band. However, these quite miss the mark. Much as the Daddies, BBVD, and RCR have seized upon the swing scene, these six guys (plus a baby fro) simultaneously straddle the frontier cusp and retro roots of their music. While swing is definitely dominating the trend right now, don't be surprised to see a resurgeance of the Afro-Cuban/Latin big band sound made famous by Tito Puente, Desi Arnez, and Ray Barretto, among others. At the head of the class of this CD is the third track: Todo Para Ti. Opening with a haunting Spanish horn melody which evokes thoughts of Miles Davis's Sketches of Spain, the song quickly transitions to drummer Brian Foxworth's electric afro-cuban drumbeat, follows to a series of power solos by the individual musicians of the group, all the while bound and punctuated by the Ochoa brother's guitar and bass imagery inspired by their man Carlos. You'll find yourself quickly transported to a scene in pre-revolutionary Havana circa 1953. Other notable songs include Diga Me, a homage to Carlos Santana. Definitely worth checking out on CD, and more so live . . . a very heavy gig."))
(4.0, (u'B000000W9V', u"It is indeed hard to listen to Lenny Kravitz if you don't like sonic references to Viking Rock, that brilliant (in a beer guzzling, &quot;Party on, dude! Yeah! Owww!&quot; kind of way) sound first brought to you by Led Zeppelin and their ilk. Critics laugh at Viking Rock because they think it's too close to Classic Rock -- and may the discount bins have mercy on your soul if you happen to like Classic Rock. Of course, critics also hated Led Zeppelin.But what people invariably overlook is this: some of us like that big, open-E chord sound. There is truth in seventh and thirteenth chords, and they sound even better when volume is involved.Circus is of course no exception; this album is full of peals of thick guitars and forced rhymes (Kravitz has never been known for his lyrical craftsmanship). &quot;You think you're on top of the world but you know it's really over/Runnin' round with diamond rings and coke spoons that are overflowin'&quot; he sings through a sneer on &quot;Rock and Roll is Dead.&quot; Yeah, it's hard to tell if Kravitz is being serious. If he's writing off all rock musicians, then he's engaging in one of the biggest paradoxes in modern rock history. If he's writing about himself, which I personally think he is, then he is not just writing off his own existence. He's venting. Artists do that.I won't keep defending this album because, frankly, if you don't like Lenny Kravitz, then you probably aren't interested in what people are saying about this particular album. However, if you do like Kravitz, and if you do enjoy large sounds emanating from large chords, then this is yet another addition for your high-rotation collection. Essential Kravitz, but for fans only."))
(4.0, (u'B000000Y9E', u"Benny Golson known mostly now for Hollywood scores and studio work was no slouch as far as playing chops went back in 1957.This CD has several original compositions including an often recorded &quot;Whisper Not&quot;.  The opener, written by Ray Bryant, &quot;Something In B Flat&quot; is a cooker described by Golson...&quot;[as] a type of melody that an instrumentalist might devise while ad-libbing...&quot; Nice solo by Art Farmer.Golson's &quot;Step Lightly&quot; has that feeling of walking on eggshells.  A real moody tune.The melody and ensemble work on &quot;Just By Myself&quot; is very nice.  This tune is typical of tunes on this CD...an interesting and well thought out composition.  Golson's groups do not slack off and rely on &quot;jazz formula&quot; ie: play the head, take solos, trade fours, yada yada. His music holds your interest. Nice writing.The album is essentially two groups: The Benny Golson Quintet (BG, Art Farmer, Wynton Kelly, Paul Chambers, and Chas Persip) and the quintet plus Gigi Gryce, Sahib Shihab, James Cleveland and Julius Watkins on French horn.Benny plays nice and Websterish on the ballad &quot;You're Mine You&quot;. There's some Lucky Thompson in his playing too.Chas Persip gives the Gigi Gryce tune &quot;Capri&quot; that big band feel with solid drumming. One of the best Art farmer solos is heard here.&quot;Benny Golson's New York Scene&quot; was recorded in 1957 for the Contemporary label.  They produced so many gems its hard not to get a winner like this one certainly is."))
(4.0, (u'B000002N6C', u"If you have acquired a taste for Jimmy Scott's unusual, and brilliant, singing then this is an album you can't miss.  I particularly appreciate this album for it's sincere and moving gospel material.  It is an album that is both spiritual and musically sophisticated... I wish I could find more like this!  The thing that catches your interest is the unusual mix of material: classic gospel tunes with material of a more recent vintage, (like a Bob Dylan tune).  But the quality of the album I have ended up appreciating in the end is the sensitivity of Jacky Terrasson's arrangements and Jimmy Scott's singing.  They make the material their own.  They also introduced me to &quot;All My Tears&quot; by Julie Miller, one of the most wonderful gospel songs I've ever heard.  That one track is worth the price of admission alone.  A small flaw is the selection of &quot;Heaven&quot; by the anti-religious David Byrne (of Talking Heads). The song is performed wonderfully, but the cynical lyrics are jarring next to the rest of the material.  If you enjoy this, be sure to check out Jacky Terrasson's album with Cassandra Wilson which is also excellent.  Thanks Mr. Terrasson &amp; Mr. Scott and God bless you!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002OF6', u"Morse is a giant in guitar performance and instrumental composition, and a long-time Gallery of the Greats resident in Guitar Player Magazine's readership rankings. This album is securely in his recent tradition, tending more to the electric side of things with tunes like &quot;Arena Rock&quot;, &quot;Weekend Overdrive&quot;, &quot;Cut to the Chase&quot;, Sleaze Factor&quot; and the title tune, &quot;Southern Steel&quot;. &quot;Simple Simon&quot; and &quot;Arena Rock&quot; have deep-diving hooks that settle into memory, and the title tune can still pull a tear out of me. Morse is a master of &quot;leave 'em wanting more&quot;, by building a tune with progressive harmonies and counterpoint into a symphonic crescendo and just as it's at the transcendent blend, fading the song out. My test for an album is how many times I can play it in obsessive succession, over and over, before I'm sick of it. I'm still spinning this one."))
(4.0, (u'B000002OIH', u"This is how it is with me.  I picked this CD up a long time ago.  I was one of those who thought &quot;Hey, this has &quot;Weird Science&quot; on it&quot;, and would play that track over and over.  Then I picked up on &quot;Wild Sex&quot; and &quot;Dead Man's Party&quot;.  Later, &quot;Goodbye,Goodbye&quot; and &quot;No Spill Blood&quot; stuck in the folds of my brain.  This was about the time when &quot;Boingo&quot; was released, and soon it was over. I picked up &quot;Farewell&quot; and realized what I missed. A band, that passes all other bands with their shear musicality.  Yeah, Elfman is the genius behind it all, but without the others---they wouldn't be the spectacular live band that they were.  I'm sad to think I missed it, but now I get to go back and live it through all their previous releases.  Goodbye, Goodbye indeed."))
(4.0, (u'B000002ALR', u"I have the noisy two lp album. As soon as I saw the CD on Amazon I ordered it! I was at the concert (the 5th Dimension opened) and Bill was in his element, backed by one of the baddest rhythm sections on the planet (the strings were added in the studio)he proved why many consider him one of America's best singer song-writers. His body of work may not be as large as say James Taylor (another great one) but the quality can not be matched by many. Listen to the emotion and warmth of Grandma's hands a classic American tune performed with tenderness economy. At no point does the band let Bill or the audience down. Even the mis-cue on the start of Harlem/Cold Baloney doesn't stop this feast. The &quot;new&quot; hip/hop generation should to take a listen to learn how to be in the pocket and smooth instead of loud and lewd."))
(4.0, (u'B000002WB7', u'Marry Me a Little has some really wonderful pieces that the avid Sondheim listener will recognize in later shows. Especially appealing, was the song &quot;What more do I need?&quot;. The brilliant lyrics presented in this song will spark a  familiar view of life in the city. Also, the title song, &quot;Marry Me a Little&quot; (which was later revived in the hit musical &quot;Company&quot;) is a very thoughtful look at relationships and committment.  Other notable songs this listener particularly enjoyed were &quot;Bang&quot;, &quot;Saturday Night&quot; (a personal favorite) and &quot;So Many People&quot;.  This original cast recording is a precocious Sondheim at his best. Although, the later works are much more sophistocated, this first presentation of Sondheim is a very auspicious and entertaining work. I highly enjoyed it and recommend it highly to not only Sondheim fans but all listeners!!!'))
(4.0, (u'B0000033RJ', u"Jerry Samuels has put together the definitive collection of Napoleon XIV classics and previously unreleased hits. If you are a fan of off-beat humor, the music and lyrics on this album are a must for your collection. The unlisted 21st track was a wonderful surprise (hint: it was on the flip side of the original &quot;They're Coming To Take Me Away, HA HAAA!&quot; single.) All the selections were ahead of their time with special effects. The results were well worth the effort that obviously went into recording this technical masterpiece. This album was intended as a parody and not to offend anyone. It does poke fun at mental illness, so the buyer should be aware of this."))
(4.0, (u'B000005JWS', u"Although the &quot;Sadness&quot; is misspelled for the actual &quot;Sadeness Part I&quot; you'll see on the cover when you order it, a rare Imported-from-Japan single does use the &quot;Sadness&quot; spelling (this isn't that rare one).  Though three of the four tracks are different enough to be called remixes, two of the tracks are rather tedious and melancholly (#'s 2&amp;4).  However, the CD is a must for collectors and for those who like to listen to music not on the original album.  The Album edit version is by far the most popular version of the song that swept the world in 1990, though my personal favorite is track #2, the Violent US Remix.  If you decide to become an Enigma collector, try hard not to scratch the disc.  I did that and had to wait for over a year before I could get a second copy.--MF"))
(4.0, (u'B000005YVJ', u"I have been a fan of Laurie Lewis for 20 years, when I first heard her playing bass and singing with the Good Ol' Persons. She continues to amaze me with her versatility, her depth and her heart. Some of her songs are about love, life, and other universals, some about specifics in her life,about home and her own experiences.  Esp. treats in this album are&quot;Kiss Me Before I Die&quot; written after a serous accident in '94 and 3 cuts with Kathy Kallick singing harmony.  Laurie is a superb fiddle player - she also is backed by very talented people, including the incomparable Nina Gerber. The only reason this isn't a &quot;5&quot; for me is that I do have a favorite Lewis song - and that was already recorded years ago."))
(4.0, (u'B000000H46', u"This album is one of King's best.  If you like progressive metal and horror flick-inspired lyrics you need to buy this album.  The music on this CD draws heavily from the classical genre, but the music is totally heavy metal (the guitar solos are sublime).  King wrote &quot;Them&quot; as a concept album; each song is linked to the other to tell a horrific tale.  The story begins with grandma coming home from the asylum (that is when the fun starts!).  Soon all manner of supernatural chaos ensues as grandma resurrects the spirits of &quot;them&quot; for her evening  tea party.  A must have for the complete metal library."))
(4.0, (u'B00000348M', u"... Rundgren album.  This album was the first I ever bought, and it contains some of the most engaging pop music ever to grace an aluminum polycarbonate sandwich.  It's all composed of sounds made by Todd's voice (and other self-made sounds, such as handclaps).  Some sounds have been heavily processed and you'll find it virtually impossible to believe that they started out as vocal sounds (although Rundgren's soulful voice, one of the best in rock, also makes plenty of appearances under its own recognizance, most notably on &quot;Honest Work&quot;).  Never has one man's mastery of the studio as an instrument been so evident.  I only give it 4 stars because Rundgren displays a regrettable tendency to repeat his choruses a bit too long before finally fading out.  Still one of the best."))
(4.0, (u'B0000000KI', u"I wish all the songs were top notch. Ms Warnes has such a wonderful, delightful voice. I'm sure she could have selected one or two better songs.  But there are two that stand out that make the entire CD worth buying. The title song, &quot;The Hunter,&quot; took me a few listenings to really appreciate it. But it has become my second favorite.  The best song has to be &quot;Lights of Lousianne.&quot; Not only for the sound, but also for the meaning. Perhaps it is only my interpretation, but the last line of the song sums it all up.  The rest of the songs I would rate from a high &quot;B&quot; to a low &quot;C.&quot;  All in all, I am glad I bought the CD, and would recommend to anyone who is a Jennifer Warnes fan. Or to anyone who would like to hear a truly talented artist."))
(4.0, (u'B0000003U8', u'Laugh and sing along, but don\'t judge Cheryl by her spunky spoofs like "Don\'t forget the Guns". Wait instead for the movingly lyrical "75 Septembers" tribute to her father\'s birthday before you judge the depth and breadth of this singer-songwriter\'s talent.In the gorgeous imagery in "When Fall Comes to New England", the crisp, colorful poetry of the scene she paints caught me at the first line, kept me entranced until the final one. Some time after the fact, it stays with me and added inspiration to an autumn painting and prints by the same name that just seemed to paint itself as I listened to this CD over the winter of a painting sabbatical.The coup de gras comes in the final cut on this CD, in the touching & lyrical "Almost". Everyone who has had a relationship in which there was a tiny hair width gap in what one was vs. what was needed will fall in love with this special piece of musical magic. If you haven\'t heard this one, folks, you\'re missing a gem.'))
(4.0, (u'B0000062WB', u"After five long years, Lightfoot has finally released a new album, 'A Painter Passing Through'. This album is an aptly named reflection on  his life and his career. Most of the original songs touch on autobiographical themes, as has often been the case in the past. In addition to eight original songs there are two covers, both country songs. The music is exceptional: melodies, arrangement, backup vocals; the sound crisp and clear. Even after a recording career spanning 35  years, his warm baritone is still pleasant and his trademark phrasing as infectious as ever. There is no mistaking a Lightfoot recording.Lightfoot plays 6, 12-string and high string guitar and is backed up by his four man band, whose members have been with him for many years  and with whom he tours. On this album, he also has several guest musicians including Daniel Lanois and Pee Wee Charles (the latter a former member of the Lightfoot band). The additional backup musicians add attractive highlights to the music, but the songs when performed in concert sound exceptional with only the Lightfoot band. This common sound on his albums and in concert is only possible with an artist who doesn't use gimmicks, but just records his music honestly and naturally.My favorite songs are the title track ('A Painter Passing Through'), 'Drifters', and 'Much To My Surprise', all of which are highly autobiographical. It may take a few listenings to fully appreciate the meaning of the lyrics, but interpreting his lyrics has always been one of the extra pleasures offered by his songwriting. I also love 'On Yonge Street' - even if I've never been to Toronto, and the two country songs: 'I Used To Be A Country Singer' (by Steve McEown) and 'Red  Velvet' (by Ian Tyson). Unlike on some of his other recent albums, on this album his guitar playing can heard distinctly and is not overwhelmed by the arrangement.Taken as a whole, the album is a pleasure to listen to; I have few albums that I enjoy playing through from start to finish and this is one!  of them. We are very lucky indeed that Lightfoot is still at his craft."))
(4.0, (u'B0000067WJ', u"Kang's &quot;theater of mineral NADEs&quot;, like other recent releases on John Zorn's Tzadik label (by Evan Lurie and Naftule's Dream), is a striking representative of some of the most vital and fascinating music being made today.  Though I find Zorn's own music too shallow to sustain interest (and it seems designed to be this way), I give him credit for putting out such high quality cds on his various labels.  &quot;Theater of mineral NADEs&quot; takes Zorn's manic electicism to some bizarre (and deeper) extremes.  The pieces here (24 of them) are not the sound-byte snippets of Zorn's cut-up music, but are more like little song samples gathered by a time-traveling ethnomuiscologist (most average 2-4 minutes).  The album follows a stylistic curve that begins with 20th-Century &quot;atonal&quot; orchestral music, veers through Medieval instumental and vocal music, stops briefly at some kind of weird aboriginal music from a nonexistent tribe, dips into South American big band territory, and then shifts into reggae!  And it works!  Highly recommended for the sonically adventurous--you will be instantly rewarded.  I've haven't heard the first NADEs cd but am now determined to find it."))
(4.0, (u'B000006O7C', u"While Buckley's first full length album Grace presented a cohesive whole, this more scattered (due to its posthumous nature) collection has a range of expression that is breathtaking.  Everything from melodic and vocal beauty (Everybody Here Wants You, Morning Theft), to driving, wrenching angst (The Sky is a Landfill, Nightmares by the Sea).  The insights granted through the home recordings are invaluable, even when the music doesn't always come together. But that is the greatness of this 2-CD set - it lets the listener in behind the scene, so to speak, giving us a glimpse of a young genius.  The tragedy is that we'll never know how great he could have been."))
(4.0, (u'B000002U8O', u"Essentially, Seger empties the gas tank with this recording - as no subsequent release would come close again to the quality writing that 'Against the Wind,' 'Stranger in Town' and 'Night Moves' represent, although 'The Distance' comes close.'Against the Wind' is heavy on ballards and drifts towards 'country' country in flavour, particularly the title track and 'You'll Accomp'ny Me.  However, in blending the usual mix of ballards and rock 'n' roll (Betty Lou, Her Strut, Horizontal Bop), he demonstrated one final time that in that time and space he was one of the few artists that could make that transition so succesfully."))
(4.0, (u'B0000014W2', u"If you like Webbers music and a good female vocalist then this albums by the this late actress and caberet performer is a good bet. Laurie chose a wide variaty ranging from the often covered and the more rate songs like Starlight Express and Half a Moment. She has a strong rich voice and does justice to such belting classics as With One Look, Memory, and Love Changes Everything which I think is her most powerful performence on this CD. Unlike Sara Brightman she does not reach those upper octaves so you can hear these songs in a more subdued setting. Some of the arrangments do stray from what I am used to on the cast recordings, but they are good arangements. Who wants a carbon copy of someone elses version. This fifteen track should serve as an introduction to her recording work and A.L. Webbers if you don't know his stuff. Laurie will be missed!"))
(4.0, (u'B000001ZTL', u"Yet again Mingus Big Band have given us a superb recording. Their choice of material has been mainly limited to Latin influenced music for this album. The titles range from the rare and early Moods In Mambo to the late masterpiece Cumbia and Jazz Fusion. As always Mingus' music comes across as being supremely expressive, witty, angry and romantic. One of the best things about the Migus Big Band recordings is how they perform Mingus tunes that have only been heard in small group formats before. The exellent Love Chant is a fine example of this. As always the band is staffed by some top jazz names like Randy Brecker, Ronnie Cuber and Steve Slagle. The bass chair is filled by alternately Andy McKee and John Benitez. Two real highlights for me are Slippers arranged by Chico O'Farrill and the hilarious Eat That Chicken (Paella). My top award has to go to Cumbia and Jazz Fusion which starts with Conch shells and builds and builds to a frenzy. Ku-umba Frank Lacy does the Mingus style vocals in great style."))
(4.0, (u'B000002GFT', u"Many fans of Fairport Convention regard Leige &amp; Leif as the band's finest achievement.  The fact remains, however, that this album began a long trend of decline into traditional music which eroded the unique songwriting talents of the members.  The original compositions which made Fairport Convention (1968), What We Did on Our Holidays (1969), and Unhalfbricking (1969), so exciting begin to disappear on Leige &amp; Leif.  Furthermore, with the departure of Ian Matthews, the beautiful harmonizing between Matthews and Denny is absent.  One of the most devastating effects of Leige &amp; Leif, however, was the fued between Ashley Hutchings, who became obsessed with traditional folk, and Sandy Denny, who joined Fairport Convention to escape it.  The dispute resulted in both members leaving the band, critically weakening it.  Nevertheless, although it cannot match up to Fairport Convention's wonderful first three albums, Leige &amp; Leif remains an enjoyable listening experience and I would not sell my personal copy (which is on vinyl) for all the world."))
(4.0, (u'B000000H4N', u"Being a fan of Shootyz Groove since their EP Respect, I eagerly awaited the release of Hipnosis.  When I popped the CD in, I was delighted by the powerful lead cut Regardless.  While the song is basically about the hardships the band has had being dropped by their label and their small fan base, it speaks to anyone going through hard times.  River, from the band Tree, does guest vocals on the track Diamond Mind.  His harsh and profane lyrics provide a foil to the smooth flow of Shootyz Groove's two vocalists, Sense and Season.  This album is a big step up from their previous album, J.I.V.E.  Hipnosis is a must have for fans of rap/metal/crossover music and fans of such bands as The Urge, Orange 9mm, or Stuck Mojo."))
(4.0, (u'B0000007QS', u"the cd is good. if your into mostly new school you'll like this a lot. there are a couple of bands that i'm not into so that's why i gave it 4 stars. no use for a name, propagandi, deisel boy, wizo,me first and the gimme gimmes,nofx,  frenzal romb, strung out, and good riddance, are some of the good bands that i like that are on it, the other bands are hi-standard, snuff, lag wagon, tilt, &amp; bracket. (snuff &amp; lag wagon are on it twice.) and i really don't care much for them but none of them actually suck, that's just my oppinion. you'll also find some entertaining pictures (along with captions) in the jacket. check it out, it's purdy good!"))
(4.0, (u'B000005DYS', u"Craig and Co.'s CD, &quot;My Jewish Discovery&quot; delights us every time we listen to it.  I have worn out and scratched my original copy and am ordering another.  My second grader likes it and my fifth grader loves it.  The music is not traditional songs you know, but new songs, each in a different musical style, from zydeco to rock to rap.  My only criticism is a track or two of talking by a famous Yiddish actor.  It's okay once, but we don't need to listen to it over and over.  The Chanukah rap song, &quot;Go Judah&quot; is our absolute favorite."))
(4.0, (u'B000002LS4', u"I'm sick of hearing people compare The Cocteau Twins to Lush. Yes, Robin Guthrie produced 'Spooky' and yes, The Cocteau Twins appeared on the shoegaze scene before Lush; but that doesn't necessarily mean one has to sound like the other or that one is 'better' at cultivating this kind of sound/feel/texture than the other.'Spooky' is the most haunting of all of Lush's albums. And it is one of the quintessential albums that define &quot;shoegaze.&quot; The album is dark, moody, and ethereal. &quot;For Love&quot; and &quot;Untogether&quot; are perhaps two of the primest tracks Lush has ever done before they went jarring and hard like with some of &quot;Split&quot; and &quot;LoveLife.&quot; If you are thinking of buying something by Lush, GET 'Spooky'! and if you like it, then get &quot;Gala&quot; and then you'll thank me."))
(4.0, (u'B000002VTV', u"Move over, Mariah. Scoot out of the way, Whitney. Cool it, Celine. Pop music's great diva, after some years doing gospel albums, is back with a vengeance with the splendid &quot;A Rose Is Still A Rose.&quot; Aretha is in her late 50s, but that magnificent voice still sends chills up the spine. The album's sound is up-to-date with the latest R&amp;B and hip-hop sounds, but the producers wisely mixed Franklin's voice high into the mix. And Puff Daddy finally wrote a fine song that didn't sound like a ripoff of someone else's. This is a triumphant return for Aretha. Bow down to the Queen of Soul."))
(4.0, (u'B0000033ZC', u"This is truly Gram Parsons at his best.  He and Emmylou Harris roll through country and gospel numbers to Rock and Roll screamers with a top notch band that knows all the hot licks, when to get loud and when to get sad.  You'll cry in your beer while Gram reminds you of your old sweetheart on &quot;Cry One More Time&quot;, you'll put on your cowboy boots at the first steel-licks in &quot;Drug Store Truck-Drivin' Man&quot; and you'll long for a truck and a wide open desert road when &quot;Six Days on the Road&quot; rolls you on home.  From Byrds to Burritos to 50's Rock covers like &quot;Bony Maronie&quot; and Chuck Berry's &quot;Almost Grown&quot; and Country deep cuts like Merle Haggard's &quot;California Cottonfields,&quot; Gram will make you wonder why you've never heard of this album before. Highly recommended for any country-rock fans or anyone who would rather drink a Lone Star in a roadhouse than a Guinness in a Pub."))
(4.0, (u'B000003BRW', u"Live's 3rd CD release &quot;Secret Samadhi&quot; was anxiously awaited especially after their previous effort(Throwing Copper) went big time platinum: Well it didn't dissapoint! Don't get me wrong this isn't as good as &quot;Throwing Copper&quot; but that wasn't the band's aim, The band looked to mature it's sound &amp; did with more darker, heavy songs such as the 2nd cut &quot;Lakini's Juice&quot; &amp; Bass-Driven &quot;HeroPyschoDreamer&quot; but as always Live threw in a few lighter songs such as the radio-fave &quot;Turn My Head&quot;. Lyrically this album left something to be desired but still a decent effort after the major success of &quot;Throwing Copper&quot;. They definitely didn't pull a &quot;Hootie&quot;!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000062UB', u"The hidden gem of Fleetwood Mac went solo in 1984.  Christine McVie is truly underated in her talent as a singer and songwriter.  If you like the smooth vocal blends and the consistent performance that Fleetwood Mac offers, you'll love this work.  Christine shows that she can write and sing blues, ballads, and mid-tempo rhythms that would make Mick Fleetwood turn his head.  In fact, Mick is on a song or two.  Not only is McVie in better voice than ever, her songs tend to rock a little harder her norm.  McVie also creates many atmostpheres that stick to a very  pleasant formula.  While she doesn't go over the top like Lindsey Buckingham, this album is very solid and a definite gem for your collection.  It's safe to say that Fleetwood Mac would have a huge hole without Christine. Great songs: One in a Million, Got A Hold On Me, Ask Anybody, This Smile I Live For, and The Challenge."))
(4.0, (u'B0000065JX', u"Fans of classic country music tiring of the watered-down soft rock that's being played on country radio can find a perfect antidote in Don Walser, who has released &quot;Down At the Sky-Vue Drive-In.&quot;  Walser at first would seem to be an unlikely honky-tonk hero. He's 63 years old, and with his big belly and eyeglasses, he would pass more for an accountant than a country singer.  But Walser is the real deal. He was born and raised in Texas, a fertile land for Western Swing and honky-tonk music. He says he sings country music's &quot;Top 40 -- from the 1940s,&quot; favoring songs by artists like Jimmie Rodgers, Tennessee Ernie Ford and Eddie Albert.  But what makes Walser more than a curiosity is his astonishing voice. He's best-known as a yodeler, but his breath control and spine-tingling tenor enable him to tackle styles ranging from early rock `n' roll to Bob Wills to Sons of the Pioneers. They don't call him &quot;the Pavarotti of the Plains&quot; just because of his girth.  &quot;Down At the Sky-Vue Drive-In&quot; is another terrific collection of country classics. He deftly handles tunes by Hank Snow (&quot;Fool Such As I&quot;), Jimmie Rodgers (&quot;In My Dear Old Southern Home&quot;), Hank Locklin (&quot;Please Help Me I'm Falling&quot;) and Cindy Walker (&quot;Cherokee Maiden&quot;). Walser also sings a couple of duets with Mindy Barnett on &quot;Hearts Made of Stone&quot; and the Louvin Brothers' &quot;Are You Teasing Me?&quot;  Walser's two tunes hold up well against those classics.&quot;Hot Rod Mercury&quot; is about Walser's 1951 Mercury, which had a toggle switch on the muffler that could make it purr like a kitten or roar like a Texas tornado. &quot;Ramon&quot; was inspired by an impoverished singer Walser heard in Durango, Mexico.  One cut, &quot;Rose Marie,&quot; departs from the album's country sound. Walser recorded it with the Kronos Quartet, a classical music string section, after a gig with them at a University of Texas concert wowed the audience. The Kronos group's perfo! rmance is exquisite, and Walser's passion and vocal acrobatics turn a risky experiment into a triumph.  When Walser retired from his day job a few years ago and went full-time into music, he said his goal was to sing old country songs &quot;to help keep them alive.&quot; But Walser deserves to be known as more than just as a one-man preservation society. He's an American treasure."))
(4.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"I am a hardcore Smashing Pumpkins fan.  To me, they are the undisputed Gods of grunge rock.  Mellon Collie &amp; the Infinite Sadness can be thought of as the bible of modern rock and yet, rather than continuing with their highly popular stylings displayed within that double album, the pumpkins did a 180 and showed that they can go to the extreme with a new techno passive album.  I loved they're ultimate grunge rock but I love what Adore has to offer just as much.  Why?  Because the Pumpkins are being true to themselves.  Billy, James, and D'arcy all agree that they don't beleive in grunge rock anymore--they don't feel it inside.  They beleived in it when that's what they played but they've moved past it.  And what is really inspiring is that the Pumpkins would rather break up than be untrue to themselves and their fans.  Adore may not be the crashing grunge rock which the legions of pumpkin fans love, but it does possess the potency of emotion that the pumpkins have always put into their music.  This is an album that will grow on you the more you listen to it.  Favorite Tracks: Pug, Ava Adore, Appels + Oranjes, Crestfallen."))
(4.0, (u'6300987558', u"Ask any &quot;child of the 80's&quot; and they'll give you the usual list of classic &quot;teen films&quot; -  Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Pretty in Pink, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, etc...  But there's a good chance they'll fail to mention one that really stands out: Three O'Clock High.  It takes place over the course of a single school day.  Jerry Mitchell (Casey Siemaszko) is a nerdy, wimpy kid assigned to tackle a frightening assignemnt: write  a school newspaper story on an incorrigible badass bully names Buddy Revell  (Richard Tyson).  Not knowing Buddy's temperamental nature, and inability to forgive a grudge, he gets Buddy upset enough to make him set up a fight after school.  At three o'clock, natch. Jerry spends the day trying to avoid the confrontation with Buddy, and everything he tries simply gets him in trouble with school authorities, and with Buddy himself.  And the moment of truth draws  closer... Three O'Clock High is basically High Noon in high school, but it's done in such a fresh and interesting way.  The cinematography is spare and clean, with some deft camera moves.  The dialogue is pretty crisp, and occasionally hits the mark dead-on. It's surreal, but any recent ex-high schooler will easily recognize the &quot;types&quot; depicted here.  END"))
(4.0, (u'6302875153', u"Perhaps the most underappreciated film of the  80's, the Beast stands out as a solid war epic, with heart, action and beautiful imagery. Set during the Soviet Union's brutal war against Afghanistan, the Beast chronicles one tank's attempts to get back to friendly lines. The conscience of the tank crew is a young soldier played by Jason Patric.  Increasingly put off by the atrocities against civilians that his hardened tank commander (wonderfully played by a rather lean George Dzundza!) has them all commit, he is forced out of the tank and left to die in the Afghan desert.  While waiting to die, he is set upon by the rebels, who spare his life, and accept his aid in going after his comrades' tank! There was a lot to like about the Beast.  Good acting all around.  Fine attention to military detail.  Suspenseful, well-done action scenes. Haunting score by Mark Isham.  And amazing, razor-sharp cinematography by Douglas Milsome. The images of the desert are haunting and  beautifully composed.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000002HR8', u"I am asked by Phish-newcomers all the time, &quot;what is your favorite Phish album&quot;?  That, for me, is a hard question to answer.  Hard not because &quot;they're all good&quot; (which I guess they all are, in some respects), but hard because in my opinion, _live_ Phish music is where it's at.  Sure, I love You Enjoy Myself on Junta, but when played live, it takes on a whole new form of its own.  A Live One was good, but it was not as good as it could have been (Bouncin'?  Slave?).  SS&amp;P, on the other hand, makes up for it.  Perhaps _the_ defining Phish disc to date."))
(4.0, (u'B0000015UU', u"This album is a good way to initiate yourself to &quot;Gainsbar&quot; and the broad variety of his musical styles. A lot of his hits are featured here. And they will give you a good sense of what periods you like are dislike.However, it's impossible to fit his work on a best-of because most of his major albums are built with a begginning and an end, and are designed to be listened to as a whole. Strongly recommended albums: Couleur Cafe (earlier jazz-based music), Ballade de Melody Nelson (French hippy phase), Rock around the Bunker( harder rock sound and political statement about begining Jewish), Aux armes etcaetera (amazing French Reggae album), L'homme a tete de chou (fusion of rock, pinkfloydesque influences, erotiscism, French poetry, in a rock-opera format).The albums before Couleur Cafe are not as innovative. The ones past Aux Armes Etc are too focused on provocation. But I enjoy listening to every single album put out by this amazing artist who marked French music as much as Miles Davis marked the world of Jazz.By the way, the name &quot;gainsbar&quot; came to him because the man smoked 5 packs of unfiltered cigarettes and drank one to two bottles of strong alcohol each day for over 60 years. He died of a cancer, and liked to shut up the press with this quote from Hemingway &quot;the smoke to preserve the meat and the alcohol to preserve the fruits.&quot;"))
(4.0, (u'0790729636', u"If you're looking for a smart action movie with actors that deserve Academy awards, this isn't you're movie.  However, if you're looking for a fun, adventurous movie with great special effects and a decent storyline that will atleast keep you watching to the end, then Twister is one of the best.  Hunt and Paxton not only convey the emotional danger behind the oncoming of the twisters but also, as stormchasers, display a giddy, child-like wonder for tornadoes.  If you're watching on DVD, expect thunderous movie-theater sound that makes the fantastic twisters roar to life, which should add plenty of replay value to your movie.  Also, selecting a particular scene to jump to will come particularly useful here, unlike some other DVD titles.  If your the only one on the block to own a DVD player, this is a great title to show off.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B0000062WB', u"Gordon Lightfoot added another chapter to his long recording career with the release of &quot;A Painter Passing Through&quot; this  May.  With a baritone voice that is perfectly suited for the album's rustic imagery, and his longtime band playing on all the basic tracks, this work represents one of Lightfoot's best efforts. The new release includes 10 songs which show off the artist's versatility.  From the bluesy Boathouse, to the country flavor of &quot;I Used to be a Country Singer&quot; and &quot;Red Velvet&quot; to the classic, acoustic Lightfoot sound from the title track, this delightful album offers something for everybody.Lightfoot purists should love the autobiographical nature of &quot;Drifters&quot; and &quot;Much to My Surprise.&quot;  The title track, outstanding in lyric and sound, is a poignant reminiscence of his life as he recalls his &quot;walk of fame&quot; during his heyday of the 1970s. Whether you are a casual listener or a longtime loyal fan, &quot;A Painter Passing Through&quot; is likely to please you."))
(4.0, (u'B000006359', u"If you can never answer the question, &quot;What kind of music do you like?&quot;, this is a great CD for you!  It has a little bit of everything, from the Rolling Stones to Garth Brooks to Sheryl Crow.  Never having been a very big country fan, I took a chance on this CD, and am now getting more into country.  But overall, this CD was worth the money just for the Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood covers of &quot;To Make You Feel My Love.&quot;  The only complaint I've heard has come from my roommate -- &quot;a little too sappy.&quot;  But she's probably just sick of listening to it all day since I've got it.  Enjoy!"))
(4.0, (u'B000003RHT', u"Like everything that Alain Jourgensen(Ministry &amp; RevCo Front man) touched in the late 80's this CD has that raw power edge that attracted me and most of the poeple I knew to the industrial age. If you're more into the rock side of Indie, then the heavy base, fast pace, Lots of guitar and little synth will be what you're looking for, including Trent Reznor(NIN) on lead vocals.If you like this then I'd suggest &quot;Trait&quot; by Pailhead, Another Alian Jourgensen side project that fell behind the rafters. With Ian MacKaye(Minor Threat, Fugazi)on lead vocals, and Al doing back up, it's one of the more interesting/power house EPs from it's time."))
(4.0, (u'B000005RSG', u"Neil Tennant recorded the choir vocals for this tracks in Moscow, however, don't expect another Go West. A catchy superb song is accompanied by very dancy track The Boy Who Couldn't Keep His Clothes On and Delusions Of Grandeur - maybe the best track of all. Pet Shop Boys can dare to put song like that on a b-side.. like they did with Shameless or In the Night. The Moscow mix of the title track starts with thunder (&quot;Calm before the storm&quot;, I'd say) and just when you may expect an end of a pretty slow mix the upbeating rhytm wakes you up from dreaming.  A worth having record."))
(4.0, (u'B0000014U2', u"I wish I loved this CD more, because Judy Kuhn is, in my mind, the best singing actress to emerge from Broadway in years.  As with a lot of these Varese CDs produced by Bruce Kimmel, there are some peculiar arrangements that are so arranged for the sake of being peculiar.  With her incredible range, everything from the tones of a lyric soprano to a belter/rocker (not here though), Kuhn can sing just about anything.  She'd be a lot better served without having to stick to the structure of a single composer/writer (such as here) and just pick her own material -- whether pop or Broadway, Kuhn can sing it all."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025B2', u"Following up on the brilliant &quot;First Night,&quot; Olivor's sophomore album &quot;Chasing Rainbows&quot; shows her at her darkest and moodiest -- very much the chanteuse.  There is much to like here -- the heartrending &quot;It's Over, Goodbye&quot;, the charming &quot;The French Waltz&quot;, the vibrant &quot;The Big Parade.&quot;  The material here doesn't rise to the level of &quot;First Night&quot; and the band/arrangements get a bit sluggish and the producer lets Jane oversing a bit, esp. on &quot;Come In From the Rain.&quot;  But still a worthy effort.  It's too bad that Columbia skimped on the packaging for this as the incredible Norman Seeff picture of Jane is SO small (and you miss the second Seeff photo which  headed up the back of the album)."))
(4.0, (u'B0000060JC', u"The new mongrels are an unusual band and they make unusual albums.  Not wildly weird, just unrestrained by any corporate influences, and not quite like anyone else. The songs are unique, and the production aims only to serve each song, radio be damned.  If you like very  original, insightful American songs presented with a rough and happy honesty by great folk-rock musicians, you'll like the mongrels. This record was put together using 26 musicians from all over the place linked by their membership in an extremely odd organization far too  complex to describe here.  The important thing is that a spirit of freedom can be felt everywhere on new mongrels projects....  Okay.  I'm starting to feel a little strange pretending this is perfectly  objective, since I wrote all these songs and produced the record.  Let me leave it at this: if you like Lyle Lovett, Indigo Girls, Neil Young, Cat Stevens,  Wilco, Grant Lee Buffalo, Leonard Cohen, Sun  Volt, you'll probably be very pleased by both mongrels cd's, Big Cup of Empty, and Not Dead (Yet). If you are a die-hard indigo girls fan, you should not miss Amy and Emily both singing songs you'll never hear on their epic releases.  And if you still just don't know and you have any questions about the record, email me and I'll try to answer them.  You can also find out more info on the mongrels at a variety of places online. Finally, of course, you can rest easy knowing that the mongrels have a strict policy of &quot;no bad songs&quot; for all their musical releases."))
(4.0, (u'B000001TVF', u"Of the Ohio Players recordings on the Westbound label, Pain represents a new direction in soul music of the early 70's - a coming out party for the original Ohio Players led by Junie Morrison.  That the title cut, &quot;Pain&quot;, was ad libbed is a clear indication of genius at work. The first few notes of the bass on the title cut, Pain, got everybody up on the floor over 25 years ago and for the &quot;old school&quot; crowd, still does today.  Although much of the phrasing, both lyrically and musically is repetitious throughout the different cuts, Pain, a fusion of jazz, funk, and R&amp;B is a must have for the true funk collector."))
(4.0, (u'B00000299T', u"&quot;Sacred Journey&quot;, First Call's fifth release (second release with new member Marabeth Jordan after the departure of Mel Tunney) marks a bold new style and sound for the trio. Taking a more acoustic, raw feel, the group leaves behind the techno-overtones of &quot;Human Song&quot; and the band style harmonies of &quot;God is Good&quot;. &quot;Sacred Journey&quot; is gritty, real, bold and moving all in one. Highlight tracks include the soaring &quot;Freedom&quot;, the knee-slapping &quot;Just Can't Help Myself&quot;, and the outstandingly moving &quot;Evidence of Love&quot;. Newcomer Jordan's voice makes a stunning addition, bringing out the raw, haunting tones of Bonnie Keen's soprano. The range of acoustic guitars are combined with strings and a judicious use of bass and drums for what proved to be &quot;First Call&quot;'s best and final release as a trio. Marabeth Jordan departed the group after this album. This CD is well worth a listen!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002JDT', u"'Calling All Stations'  has had nothing like the commercial success of Genesis' previous 3 studio albums, and has fared especially badly in the United States where many fans saw Genesis as an extension of Phil Collins' solo career, and aren't interested in a Genesis without him. However, Mike Rutherford and Tony Banks are the only two founding members to have driven the band since Gabriel's departure nearly a quarter of a century ago, and it probably seems quite natural for them to carry on without relative newcomer Collins, despite the loss of his high profile.For some long term Genesis fans like myself, this is a healthy improvement over the radio oriented Eighties albums, and for my money is their best album since 1979's 'Duke'. Gone are the shouted vocals and jolly singalong pop tunes like 'I Can't Dance' or 'Invisible Touch'. Instead we have a darker soundscape with longer, more complicated song structures and lyrics concerned with alienation and loss. A slightly Pink Floyd vibe, but without the creeping slow  pace.Ray Wilson and Nir Z are excellent replacements  and do their respective jobs well. Ray Wilson is a more traditional rock singer than Phil Collins or Peter Gabriel, but definitely reminiscent of  Gabriel's husky tones at times, injecting the band with a dose of Celtic passion. High points are 'Calling All Stations', 'Not about Us' and the fantastic 'Dividing Line' which interestingly echoes parts of 'The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway' with its central keyboard riff and busy drumming.Criticisms - the production sounds a little dated, they could do with a more natural sound than the  heavily processed Eighties rock style they seem to like. And the instrumental sections are still unadventurous, and sound rather cautious compared to more flamboyant classics like  'Firth of Fifth'.But it is an undoubted artistic success, a return to form often lacking for the last eighteen years, and bodes well for Genesis fans in future. The fat lady isn't singing yet!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000029GC', u"One of the mist underrated albums from the 70's,Valerie Carter's &quot; Just a Stone's Throw Away &quot; is a welcome addition to any CD collection that also might include Linda Ronstadt, James Taylor, or Carly Simon. Carter's voice is smooth as silk and her interpretive skills are to be admired, as are her skills at picking material and her own songwriting. From the opening cut, a soaring version of &quot;Ooh Child,&quot; to the closing jazz riffs of &quot;Back to Blue Some More&quot; Carter explores every possible style of music while still maintaining a cohesive balance throughout. Helping out are such legends as Lowell George, Ronstadt herself, Deniece Williams, and most of Earth, Wind, And Fire,who contribute an amazing amount of funk to &quot;City Lights.&quot; Do yourself a favor and plop this one on whenever you need to chill, relax, or even have a romantic evening. It is good enough to help you through any mood."))
(4.0, (u'B000003GH9', u'My first impression was:  this is a NEW Faddis, playing warmer (though somewhat milder) using flugelhorn.  The SOUND of the recording is not good.  Admittedly at Chesky Records they  re trying to get an almost &quot;caught live&quot; sound, but IN THE STUDIO.  Unfortunately, this does not always work and you can barely hear the rythm section, which plays rather timidly.  Sometimes the piano comping sounds as if coming from another room!  The arrangements are not real &quot;jazzy&quot; (in a Mike Abene, Slide Hampton or Thad Jones sense), but are very good and distinctive and sound almost like a classical wind chamber orchestra.  Arranger/composer/conductor Carlos Franzetti himself sent me this record as a gift from New Jersey to Paraguay (South America) where I live.  (We shared the stage once he played here in duo format with an Argentinian guitarist, and I played with my jazz quintet).'))
(4.0, (u'B000006C6A', u"&quot;a book of human language&quot; does in fact help the dying culture of hip hop. aceyalone's lyrical powers embody the reputation he has developed for himself. some of the tracks laced by mumbles are some of the illest to be heard from a project blowed development yet. but I must admit that &quot;A Book of human language&quot; could have been even better than it is. fans of project blowed and aceyalone will realize that flaws do exist and may not excel to the standards of past project blowed and aceyalone projects. but&quot;A.B.O.H.L.&quot; is still a great album. Highly reccommended and well worth the money!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002HQY', u"This &quot;best of&quot; album nicely showcases Browne's progression through the years, from his highly personal early work through his more outwardly focused and often political music.  Overall, I enjoyed the album, because the song choices often coincided with my favorites from particular albums.  For example, &quot;Sky Blue and Black&quot; and &quot;The Barricades of Heaven&quot; are the two best from their respective albums.  It is a shame, though, that music does not seem to have been chosen this way consistently; some, like &quot;Running on Empty&quot; and &quot;Somebody's Baby&quot; (while, granted, good songs) seem to have been included more for recognizability than artistry and stick out oddly among the more pensive-sounding tunes that populate this recording.  One caveat:  Jackson's best work is excellent, but often his best work is also wrenchingly melancholy.  This makes it hard to sit down and listen to &quot;The Next Voice You Hear&quot; at a stretch without sinking into a deep melancholia yourself.  Be warned!"))
(4.0, (u'B000005DXF', u"On the album Up Against It, Peter Brown takes us on a roadtrip through a lifetime of his (and our own) experience.  From heart, mind, and soul -- it's all right there! The songs are divergent and creative -- stories told with street-savy, social awareness but never afraid to be honest and emotionally sensitive. Obviously, Dylan, Van Zandt, and others provide influence on the perceptions found here, but Peter molds his own visions with a language and feel that's quite his own. This first album might offer a prime example. It was recorded in Austin, Texas with mostly Austin musicians including Cindy Cashdollar and members of Asleep At The Wheel. Playing bass and producing is a guy named Frank Campbell who used to run Levon Helm's studio in Woodstock--and also played in Levon Helm's solo bands and with Steve Forbert too. This CD has stuff that keeps running through my head.  Particularly a song called &quot;You Don't Have To Close The Door&quot;. Forceful and yet almost kind of haunting: (&quot;Didn't know I made you mad till the look changed in your eye&quot;). Yep, the whole album has phrasing just as mysterious and interesting. Highly recommended!"))
(4.0, (u'B000005QZU', u"Let's face it:  The 1980's music scene was filled with many identical albums by different people.  Meredith Brooks fit right in with this  album.  Unfortunately, it was released after Blurring the Edges, so it didn't get the appreciation it deserved during the eighties.  Meredith fans should definitely buy this album.  It is great for parties.  If you are looking for Meredith Brooks on a five star level then you need to buy &quot;Blurring the Edges.&quot;  Meredith Brooks is one of the greatest singers and guitarists working today, and this album allows for fans to see her transition into the &quot;Bitch&quot; she is today."))
(4.0, (u'B000006045', u"I hope you can forgive the nauseous pun in my summary.  But what can I say, I miss Tricky's involvement with Massive Attack.  He's taken his music into new terrain on his recent solo albums, but his skills are missed here.  But people move on, we all know that.Massive Attack has also embarked into some new territory with Mezzanine.  The grooves for the most part have become more dense and futuristic, and away from the jazzy soul that appeared on Protection.  SO you may not be able to kick back and relaz when listening to Mezzanine.  The listening is a bit more active, as the music exists in the foreground more so than the background.They've obviously been listening to what else is going on in the &quot;electronica&quot; (I'm going to puke) category."))
(4.0, (u'B0000028QB', u"Blind Willie Johnson is unique.  To call his voice gravely is an understatement, although every once in a while he gets smooth and it is a surprise.  He is all gospel songs but if you want to know where soul came from, this would have to be one of your sources.  If you can appreciate the feeling and soul of a singer, this is an outstanding CD.  In particular, listen to I'm Gonna Run to the City of Refuge, Jesus is Coming Soon, Bye and Bye I'm going to see the King, You'll Need Somebody on your Bond, Praise God I'm Satisfied and (my favorite) Sweeter as the Years Roll By. What I'd like to know is - who is the woman that sings with him on about half the tracks?  She is wonderful and a perfect partner for Blind Willie Johnson."))
(4.0, (u'0800137884', u"Before the TV show made us care about the star-crossed affair of a teen-ager with the onus of saving the world from vampires, and her undead vampire lover, there was Bram Stoker's Dracula, the star-crossed affair of a young woman and her undead lover with the onus of killing people to stay alive.As a film, this had some things working against  it for me. I've never been a big fan of Oldman, Reeves, or Ryder; nor have I liked any of the previous film versions which ranged from silly to pretentious. And, that familiar, most-crippling blow for almost any film adaptation lies in this: I've read, and happen to like, the book.Coppola pulls it off, by adding some beautiful scenery and photography and remaining more true to the book than anyone ever has. Oldman's performance isn't your standard Dracula (though it's standard Oldman, I'm afraid), which is a refreshing change, and I actually *like* Winona Ryder in this - the woman seems born to play characters in period garb, if nothing else. Keanu Reeves remains low in my estimation, the only film I can tolerate him in still being &quot;Speed.&quot; But heck, odds are you've all seen the movie and have your opinions formed - how's the DVD, right?The phrase &quot;damn near featureless&quot; comes immediately to mind. No trailers, cast bios, director's commentary, extra footage, or other knickknacks we spoiled videophiles have come to expect. Just a two-sided disc, one P&amp;S and one Widescreen, with language tracks in English, Spanish and French with subtitles in Korean and Spanish. A choice of 2-channel or 5.1 Dolby Digital is included. Pretty sparse pickings for an Academy Award winner, but the 130-minute length of the film may have lowered the options you could cram on. The only disk I've found more disappointing from a features persective in my collection is &quot;Matilda,&quot; which is a straight P&amp;S transfer to DVD, with diddly-squat for extras.On the positive side, the &quot;BS'D&quot; is beautifully transferred and sound qual! ity is good, though my set-up doesn't permit judging the quality of various audio effects. As a piece of DVD mastering, it's a competent if unexciting piece of work.Like &quot;Matilda,&quot; I'd recommend this disc only to two types of people: those who love the film so much they're in danger of wearing out their VHS copy (me, in the case of &quot;Matilda&quot;) or those who haven't purchased a VHS version of the film but plan to add it to their collection for whatever reason (me, in the case of this film). The disc isn't worth tossing aside your taped version of the movie otherwise, and it'd be wiser to buy something you don't have instead of doubling this film in your library just because it's on DVD.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000001EJ8', u"&quot;Portraits&quot; comprises a wide selection of previously released tracks, greatly divergent in style, and displaying as a result the remarkable range and depth of Vangelis's music.The variation in styles, however, can also be a disadvantage: listening to the album from start to finish, one feels a distinct lack of continuity: the tracks do not, musically speaking, flow into one another -- in contrast with previous albums &quot;Antarctica&quot;, &quot;Voices&quot;, &quot;The City&quot; and &quot;Direct&quot;, where a sense of continuity augmented the impact of the music.In addition, the producers of the album saw fit to &quot;bridge&quot; the tracks -- meaning that track 1 contains the first few seconds of track 2, track 2 contains the first few seconds of track 3, and so on.  I for one find this infuriating, as it is not always the case that one wants to listen to the tracks in precisely the order found on the album.  And, if you do play the tracks in a different order, the effect is that each track has both (a) a few seconds chopped off the beginning, and (b) a few seconds of the next track tacked on the end.  Bridging the tracks is a pointless exercise, and I cannot understand why it was done.Ultimately, however, these are mere quibbles.  &quot;Portraits&quot; is a rewarding selection, and I commend it to anyone who does not already have the albums on which the constituent tracks were originally featured.  The revamped (and previously unreleased) version of &quot;Hymn&quot; is a highlight."))
(4.0, (u'B000001A3J', u"Lucinda Williams is a sterling artist whose every song and performance is noteworthy.  On this release from 1992 Ms. Williams attempted her version of &quot;cashing in&quot; which led to a 4-star versus a 5-star album.  This is obvious when compared with her previous Rough Trade label release &quot;Lucinda Williams&quot;, but still head and shoulders above any of the artists that have ever borrowed one of Williams' tunes for their own releases.  They end up sort of like Cher performing Dylan's &quot;All I Really Want To Do&quot; - not even worth your time to listen when the original is out there to be heard.  This is a woman who waits until she has an album's worth of fully realized material before she even thinks about putting it out.  This has not made her one of the wealthiest people alive but certainly ranks her very, very high on the integrity list!  Can't wait for the new one!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002G64', u"Despite the naysaying Richard and Herb Albert (who quashed the originally timed release of this solo album, circa 1979), this album is a revelation.  It's ludicrous to think that this effort was not ready for release, esp. circa 1979-80.  Yeah, some of the styles are dated today, but for the time, it was more than appropriate.  In particular, the Russell Javors songs for Karen (All Because of You and Still in Love With You) take Karen's emotional range and voice to entirely new places, the first an acrid little ditty and the second, Karen as Pat Benatar -- and, they both work just fine.  Also, compare this album's version of &quot;Make Believe It's Your FirstTime&quot; (simple piano and voice -- poignant, heartfelt) with Richard's remake of the same with Karen (overblown with a skaggy Ray Conniff chorus).  Richard's a genius, but I'm sure he was shaking in his ankle boots when he heard this CD, wondering if Karen was going to leave him behind.  The day before Karen died, she spoke with Phil Ramone, this CD's producer, and said &quot;it's a f---ing great album.&quot;  Yes, Karen, it is."))
(4.0, (u'B000002Z84', u"John Stewart's fading career briefly revitalized with the release of &quot;Bombs Away Dream Babies&quot;.  This album epitomizes the best and worst of what I call &quot;70s mellow rock&quot;:  the emphasis is on melody, on a smooth sound, and is pleasing to the ear.  However, most of the lyrics on this album are somewhat generic and impersonal (in other words, they could be sung by anyone).  I'm grateful that this album has finally been issued in CD format, though, because it brings back pleasant memories.  None of the tracks on this album are particularly memorable, but the album forms a cohesive, seamless whole, which was rather common in the 1970s but is quite rare today, when the emphasis is on producing the &quot;hit single&quot;.  If you like Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Dreams&quot; and the pre-&quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot; Bee Gees, this album is for you."))
(4.0, (u'B000002TYK', u"I have to listening to Dave Grohl since Scream. Like many other people, I didn't expect much to ever come from a group fronted by Dave. However, one day I bought the Nirvana single &quot;Heart-Shaped Box&quot; which came with a b-side called &quot;Marigold.&quot; Being a big Nirvana fan, I noticed the absence of Kurt's vocals. I found out that Dave wrote and sang the song himself. This is just a sample of what was to come. &quot;Foo Fighters&quot; fulfilled every expectation I had of Dave Grohl and Pat Smear. The entire album is excellent from &quot;This Is a Call&quot; to &quot;Exhausted.&quot; I'm not one to compare one artist to another, so I'll just say that you will not be let down if you purchase this album. If you like it, also try &quot;The Color and the Shape&quot;"))
(4.0, (u'B000000V1A', u"Finally, an album which attempts to capture the other-worldly experience of seeing Iona live.  &quot;Heaven's Bright Sun&quot; accomplishes this awesome feat with near perfection.  The album is rich with the musical stylings Iona has embraced throughout their history, but, alas, as with any live project, they failed to include some of my favorites.  The other rave reviews here are accurate, but I'd like to pick on two points:  Joann's vocal falters several times throughout the album...I wish they could have used a track recorded on a better night.  Second, I've heard much better treatments of &quot;Chi-Rho&quot; (one of my favorites).  All in all, a smashing album.  &quot;Reels&quot; and &quot;Apple&quot; are new favorites."))
(4.0, (u'B000007OPC', u"I heard this band first in Canada and immediately bought all their releases fearing that i would be unable to find them in the U.S. .  Luckily American listeners will not be denied their high energy blend of traditional and rock arrangements and instrumentation in this album which is a re-titling of their latest Canadian album &quot;Up.&quot;  While somewhat immatative of 'The Oyster Band,' Big Blue Sea has a sound all its own....it's hard to sit still while listening them, so don't try as i did plugging them into a CD player on a crammed airplane; the people squashed next to you may give you strange looks as you tap and try to dance while in your seat at 30,000 feet.  As well as their high enery dance and roudy drinking songs, the band has a few original ballards about relationships that have a universal ring, and political songs which speak particularly to the hardships facing Maritime communities.  The album doesn't Rant at all...it's eloquent and joyful, melodic and rythmic and wonderful!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002W3M', u"This album is a joy to listen to. Any music fan who has ever sat transfixed by the early delta bluesmen such as Son House and Robert Johnson can appreciate this ambitious collection of covers recorded in a garage using a single microphone. Hearing Bruce Springsteen's &quot;State Trooper&quot; performed by singer Margo Timmins, you start to grasp where Springsteen was headed on his darkest album &quot;Nebraska&quot;. The album won't appeal to fans of the Junkies' more conventional albums such as &quot;Black Eyed Man&quot; but this early document of an emerging group provides the connection that exists between Robert Johnson's delta blues and all of rock music that came after. A treasure for the serious music listener......"))
(4.0, (u'B000002WPK', u"The Junkies expanded their fold on this album, adding guitarist Ken Myhr to their regular foursome. The result is a louder, crunchier mix of rock and blues. The band even edges into the realm of alternative rock with a cover of Dinosaur Jr's &quot;The Post&quot;. The songwriting on the album falters slightly compared with the other Junkies albums. However, the gem &quot;Anniversary Song&quot; (a happy song that probably makes Michael Timmins cringe everytime he hears it) more than makes up for the album's weaker songs. The album marks the start of a transitional period for the band that eventually finds them reemerging on a new record label with the absolutely stunning album Lay It Down (released in 1996)."))
(4.0, (u'B0000009PV', u"Never short of talent, but sometimes short of an audience (at least of the proportions he deserves), Lloyd Cole is releasing superb albums or nothing. I found the 70's-sounding &quot;Bad Vibes&quot; brilliant, but have understood that Lloyd Cole wanted to return to &quot;what he's good at&quot; with &quot;Love Story&quot;. By that he meant - if I'm to judge by the resulting CD - pop music with lyrical substance, in a Raymond Carver meets a brilliant guitar kind of way. &quot;Love Story&quot; is not &quot;Rattlesnakes&quot;, Coles classic masterpiece with The Commotions, instead it's much more mature. It's not &quot;Don't get weird on me babe&quot;, Cole's solo masterpiece, instead it's much  more relaxed. If you are in love with love and a perfect story, I strongly recommend this album as an introduction to a high-quality artist."))
(4.0, (u'B000001P0S', u"On the whole, this album tends to be more spiritual than Horner's soundtrack for the second Trek film. The mournful french horn sets the tone in &quot;Prologue,&quot; and &quot;Returning to Vulcan&quot; offers up a powerful and sweeping melody dominated by strings. Trek III also has a couple of good action pieces: &quot;Bird of Prey Decloaks&quot; builds tension between the competing Klingon and Enterprise themes, and the way &quot;Stealing the Enterprise builds up to the scene's climax makes for one of the most powerful cuts in movie soundtrack history. &quot;The Katra Ritual&quot; is a bit drawn out, and the last cut is a totally '80s remix that's out of place on a classically-oriented album, and that detracts from the overall quality. But then, that's why God put skip buttons on CD players. Soundtrack or otherwise, this is one of my favorite albums."))
(4.0, (u'B000000VFL', u"Dreaming of You is a pretty good CD. The reason I gave it four stars instead of five was because the Spanish-language material is so very much better than the English songs that were recorded for this release. I loved &quot;Amor Prohibido,&quot; &quot;Techno Cumbia,&quot; &quot;Como la Flor,&quot; &quot;Bidi Bidi Bom Bom,&quot; &quot;Missing My Baby,&quot;  &quot;Tu, Solo Tu&quot; and the title track. The best Engish songs on the album in my opinion are &quot;I'm Getting Used to You,&quot; &quot;Missing My Baby&quot; and the title track. Really, if you love pop music by people with real talent, then this CD is for you, as Selena's voice is way better than a lot of pop stars out there, and her material is good."))
(4.0, (u'B000002WVH', u"Hearing the Cowboy Junkies live fulfills all the promise found on their studio albums. Whereas the band tends to take a toned down approach in the studio, they unleash their secret weapon on stage: Margo Timmins' achingly powerful voice. Songs such as &quot;Sun Comes Up It's Tuesday Morning&quot; highlight the brilliant connection between the singer and her songwriter brother, Michael. The nuances of hearing the song live might be missed by the first time listener, but long time fans of the band should really appreciate the live recordings. Hearing Margo wail through &quot;Murder Tonight in the Trailer Park&quot; is utterly frightening compared to her somewhat reserved studio rendering. On stage, the Junkies command respect in their ability to transform songs by the likes of Lou Reed, Bruce Springsteen, and Robert Johnson into their own unique creations. Add that to the power of Margo's voice and you have the rarest of treats: a great live album."))
(4.0, (u'B0000061RB', u"Heaven Forbid, BOC's First album in 10 years pleasently surprises by kicking butt on almost all cylinders. Harvest Moon, should be a top 40 hit but never will, No radio station dares play much BOC, there are seen as either to much of an INSIDERS band or to obscure to have written anything good lately.  I BEG TO Differ, You will Love Harvest Moon, You will not be able to stop singing Damaged, the Real world's lyrics will not stop running through your head.  You Will Love this Album. And when your ready to Switch tracks &amp; speeds Try Power Underneath Dispare or See You In Black The band will &amp; I repeat will AMAZE you....."))
(4.0, (u'B00000106B', u"Vinnie Moore follows in the footsteps of our founding father &quot;Yngwie Malmsteen&quot;. Vinnie however, shows some real nice talent and really is a damn good guitarist. He is a very clean and fast player and has some cool songs on this CD. It's worth hearing.  &quot;Saved By A Miracle&quot;, &quot;Mind's Eye&quot;, &quot;Hero Without Honor&quot; are some killer tracks off this CD. Many people say he just wants to be like &quot;Yngwie&quot;, and maybe that's true, or maybe it's just jealousy. I wish I could play half as good as these guys, but no matter how you slice it, this guy can rip up the fretboard with the best of em, and plays great on the acoustic guitar, as shown on this CD. I would not hesitate to tell some one to go and buy this CD just for the melodies alone, but his playing is worth hearing as well."))
(4.0, (u'B000001YHH', u"'What About Now' is another inspiring album from The Kry that does not compromise, in any way, about its message of the cross but at the same time is up among any band that plays today, secular or Christian. The music and the lyrics are awesome and I believe people from all walks of life will identify with it. This album includes the hits 'Paradise', 'Over and Over again', and 'Jason'. There's a remix of the alltime favorite 'By the Rivers of Babylon' too. So if you're looking for some good music get to the nearest store and grab it as I highly recommend this album."))
(4.0, (u'B000002BV6', u"I have always been aware of Ozzy.  He's been there since I first started listening to music when I was a teenager.  I enjoyed a few of his songs (like Crazy Train) but in the past I always regarded him as some kind of joke (except for the early Sabbath days).  Then I bought &quot;The Ozzman Cometh&quot;, and suffice to say, one listen converted me into a full-blooded Ozzy fan.  All of the songs are powerful, exceptionally produced, and, most importantly, first-rate songs superbly performed.  This CD led me to &quot;discover&quot; other Ozzy CD's, like &quot;Ozzmosis&quot; and &quot;No More Tears&quot;. The only regrettable omission on &quot;The Ozzman Cometh&quot; is &quot;Perry Mason&quot;, in my opinion one of the greatest heavy metal tunes ever recorded.  The interview on CD #2 is howlingly funny, a showcase of Ozzy's refreshing blunt honesty."))
(4.0, (u'B000002Q5G', u"For those of you who are only familiar with Aretha's soul music output, you are in for a real treat with &quot;Aretha Gospel.&quot;  Even those who have heard Aretha's gospel outings such as the two-LP &quot;Amazing Grace&quot; from the 1970s will love this brief but explosive CD based on recordings made in her father C.L. Franklin's church in the 1950s.Others can confirm this, but these recordings were originally made circa 1956 for the Battle and Chess/Checker labels.  &quot;Never Grow Old&quot; was released as a Checker 78 and 45 in 1956.  At that time, Aretha was billed as &quot;daughter of Rev. C.L. Franklin.&quot;  &quot;Precious Lord&quot; was issued on a Checker 45 in the early 1960s, after John Hammond and Columbia Records introduced Aretha to the jazz vocalist-loving public.Listen to Aretha sing &quot;Precious Lord&quot; or &quot;Never Grow Old&quot; on &quot;Aretha Gospel.&quot;  Listen to the congregation respond.  Listen to the recording mics stretched to their audio limit with her powerful voice.  Then remind yourself that this is a 14-YEAR OLD young lady singing.  Then pinch yourself to make sure you're not dreaming -- and believe me, you're not!  This is teenage Aretha giving the world advance notice of her remarkable talent, all the while praising God in her father's church."))
(4.0, (u'B000003MSI', u"If you grew up with your Dad requiring you to watch Hee-Haw, the Opry, and Austin City Limits to &quot;build character&quot; and you don't regret it- This is a must buy! Reverb Deluxe is a step back in the right direction for classic country and a step forward for pop originality.  Straight forward and down to earth stories, not dripping with trite symbolism!  Not a CD to change the world, just a CD to change your mind.  I see Buck Owens and Little Jimmy Dickens as I listen to &quot;Just One More Time&quot; and &quot;It's Too Late&quot;  The hidden track &quot;Rasberry Beret&quot; (Yes! Prince's old tune) is mesmorizing with driving guitar and channeled energy.  My Dad even dug it.  I liked it so much, I wanted to buy it twice!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000060F6', u"A magnificent soundtrack by Nick Glennie-Smith, an upcoming composing genius.  Track 1, &quot;Surrounded&quot;, sets the dark, ominous, yet action-packed tone of the film and soundtrack excellently.  The male vocals are wonderfully malevolent.  Track 2, &quot;Heart of a King&quot;, is a nice, sweet, innocent track.  Track 4, &quot;The Ascension&quot;, is a brilliant fanfare.  Track 10, &quot;Training to be King&quot;, is also amazingly versatile track; beginning dark and dramatically then in a moment shifting to a great adventurous tone, then into innocence similar to Track 2, &quot;Heart of a King&quot;.  Track 7, &quot;The Masked Ball&quot;, Track 15, &quot;Raoul and Christine&quot;, and Track 19, &quot;The Palace&quot;, are all incredibly classical-sounding tracks.  Track 18, &quot;Raoul's Letter&quot;, is also a good dramatic, mournful track.  A very well balanced score.  The only faults that I notice on the entire soundtrack is that it is a bit repetitive with some of the action cues, with some of the loud, metallic-sounding percussion getting annoying eventually, but fitting for the movie.  Look for Nick Glennie-Smith again very soon."))
(4.0, (u'B000000DUD', u"Christine Lavin's 1997 album, Shining My Flashlight On The Moon, teases us with the magic and ingenius &quot;folk&quot; story-telling writing and singing that is Lavin.  While not as witty and comical as her previous albums, Flashlight is more introspective.  The title song is haunting as she tells the story of a shared moment with her father, who died recently, and again in a reflection of his memory in &quot;The Scent of Your Cologne&quot;.  &quot;Honey, We Have to Talk&quot; and &quot;I Want to be Lonely Again&quot; is every long-time couple's nightmare reality looking at togetherness vs alone-ness.  &quot;Music to Operate By&quot; reflects Lavin's usual brilliance when it comes to inovative subject matter, providing music for your surgeon giving him guidance while putting you under the knife.Lavin has a distinctive way of story telling when it comes to personalities and characters.  &quot;The Polka-Dancing Bus Driver&quot;, &quot;Robert and Annie&quot;, and &quot;Two Amerians in Paris&quot; all bring that unusual perspective Lavin has in telling you about regular people in their irregular lives, using her songs like a magnifying glass on their lives.A true treasure on the album is &quot;If I Ruled the World.&quot;  In this delightful banter-song, Lavin tells us how she would run things if she was in charge, including creating a fast forward button to speed through boring people's babble.  Politicians should take note of some of her recommendations as a world under Lavin's rule might be a better place. This album is a treasure of Lavin classics, but it stretches beyond her usual silliness adding a more sentimental dimension.  Lavin fans will be delighted and new listeners will spend time with a richer, deeper, and more intimate Christine Lavin."))
(4.0, (u'B0000002QZ', u"It's one thing to hear Woody Guthrie perform his songs. His impromptu style (wherein he delays a few entries while he plays, seemingly because he's forgotten the words for a bit) belies his genius...or maybe even showcases it. Guthrie is one of a handful of musicians who can compose music--and perform it--on a moment's notice. If you're interested in this work, though, understand that the other aspect you get here is some detailed interviewing by folklorist Alan Lomax--which sets this recording apart. I myself stared at the speakers like radio listeners of the '20s and '30s, transfixed, like I was listening to stories told to me from a spiritual grandfather I never had known. His stories are alternately hilarious, wise, painful, and tragic--and utterly fascinating. The recording is not the best. The third CD in particular wavers due to an unevenly played vinyl or wax record, from which this set was recorded. However, the whole set does full justice to an American genius and an underappreciated musician. (Also recommended, if you enjoy these recordings: Bound for Glory, Guthrie's incredible autobiography.)"))
(4.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"I have to admit. I didn't like Boys For Pele.  Tori Amos may be one of the most fascinating and original artists of the 90's, but you can only abstract lyrics and melody so far before it becomes down right confusing to the average listener.  Thankfully she seemed to realize this, and gave us From the Choirgirl Hotel.  It is much more accessible lyrically and come dipped in a slippery coating of electronica, a gimick that seems to be a recurring theme with today's artists. Tori manages to make it her own though, and then present it to us, free to interpret as we choose.  Yes, sex and religion are recurring themes, but not the only ones by far.  The songs come across as recollections of expiriences, something she translates greatly with her lyrics still written in the language of Tori.  This will appeal to fans who wish they knew what the hell was really going on in Boys for Pele.  Tori's embracing of new sounds also allows for more diversity.  You've got the familiar Tori piano ballads like NORTHERN LAD and eerie electric siren songs like CRUEL. JACKIE'S STRENGTH has all the emotional tragedy of the actual event combined with a beautiful humor and narrative.  In my opinion the most pleasant surprise is RASBERRY SWIRL, which some fans may pass off as a token club song waiting to be remixed.  From the moment the beats spring to life in an amazing addrenaline inducing pulse to the end where her voice trails off, you'd swear you just heard a 4 minute orgasm.  Here's a hint: the title refers to an action, not an ice cream flavor.  So why not 5 stars?  Unfortunately with such a wide range of music on one albulm, there's bound to be one or two songs you just don't like.  To be honest, when I want to hear SPARK, IIEEE, or RASBERRY SWIRL, I just don't have the patience to sit through NORTHERN LAD or PLAYBOY MUMMY.  Don't get me wrong though. Both are amazing songs. This brings up the second problem I had with it. It just doesn't feel as unified as Little Earthquakes.  The second half just doesn't have the ene! rgy of the first. Or perhaps it's simply a different kind of energy.  Regardless of these minor complications, the albulm sounds excelent and is definetly one to purchase, be you hardcore Toriphile or light listener.  By the way tori fans, no need to worry, christianity still pisses her off."))
(4.0, (u'B0000062WD', u"Nick Cave doesn't write the most accessible music out there today, and that's just how most fans like it. He made it difficult from the very beginning, virtually getting run out of his native Australia because of his on- and off-stage antics with the Birthday Party, nursing a burning Elvis fixation when it wasn't at all popular, and writing some of the most troubling and beautiful songs ever about murder, mayhem and insanity. If you are one of those whose only experience with Cave comes from his latest, &quot;Murder Ballads&quot;, you don't know what you've gotten yourself into.This collection is a good place to start if you want to gain a basic grasp of where Nick is coming from. Early post-BP work like &quot;The Carny&quot; and &quot;Tupelo&quot; are an indication of what was going on at the time, but it is from &quot;Tender Prey&quot; onward that the music truly becomes magnetic. Cave has always been one of the most literate songwriters out there, with Bibical references aplenty and even dredging up the ghost of John Milton in &quot;Red Right Hand&quot;. (If you really want a challenge, try reading his novel, &quot;And the Ass Saw the Angel&quot;.) This isn't kids 'stuff. When he tells us &quot;My blood was blacker than the chambers of a dead nun's heart&quot;, some cringe more than a little. Still, it is this ability to arrest and simultaneously repel that has led to Nick's incredible popularity over the years.With Cave taking at least a couple of years off from music to write his second novel, this collection provides new listeners with an opportunity to get acquainted with one of rock's more enduring and influential figures. As well as his work with the Bad Seeds, those interested might want to check out Cave's work with the Birthday Party and Die Haut, as well as his acting, most notably in &quot;Johnny Suede&quot; with, believe it or not, Brad Pitt."))
(4.0, (u'B000006NZV', u"I'd have to say that so far this has been my favorite album of 1998. It takes the previous album's raw rock energy and coats it in computer generated audio bliss that fits perfectly.  The bands freshman albulm garbage was good (still one of my favorites of all time) but at the same time felt a  little manufactured.  If it hadn't been full of such original sounds that helped sell it, Version 2 might never have gotten made.  While Version 2 isn't without faults (some of the songs can feel a tad stale in comparison to the rest of the albulm) it more than makes up for them with greater melody and lyrical diversity than the first outing.  The first single PUSH IT feels like a James Bond theme with a detonater. THE TRICK IS TO KEEP BREATHING, SPECIAL, and I THINK I'M PARANOID are also all stand outs on this rare jewel. The real force in all of this, despite the fancy mixing and guitar work, is Shirley Manson.  This albulm has allowed her to show off some real song writing ability and vocal range.  Yes that's right, song writing.  In addition to writing a great deal of the lyrics, she even came up with melodies by just picking up her guitar during band meetings.  As for her vocals, listen to SPECIAL (her homage to Chryssie Hynde) to hear what I'm talking about.  She's not just the self proclaimed Goddes of F*ck or the &quot;pretty lead voice&quot;.  She's sarcastic, vunerable, sadistic, hungry, frightened, savy, and ready to take to bed and send you home with scars.  Shirley Manson could very well join the Rock'n'Roll mama hall of fame.  Right up there with Cryssie Hynde, Debbie Harry, and Courtney Love.  Got a problem with that?  Talk to the red head with the whip."))
(4.0, (u'B000001E7T', u"PJ Harvey has to be about the most underappreciated rock artist out there, bar none. If you're sick of the formula played on pop or alternative radio or think that Lilith Fair's a great idea but doesn't embrace the harder feminine spirit, give PJ Harvey a try. This album may be about as accessible as any of hers (save for the nearly inscrutable &quot;Dry&quot;). She's a challenging artist. Her songs veer from oblique studio concoctions with whispered, highly distorted vocals to upfront soul-baring, confrontational episodes--sometimes consecutively. &quot;Meet Ze Monsta&quot; and &quot;Long Snake Moan&quot; were two of the best full-out rockers that the public never heard in 1995. Harvey opted to release the angular, loungy &quot;Down By The Water&quot; instead, which doesn't do justice to the rest of the album. The two last songs,&quot;Send His Love To Me&quot; and &quot;The Dancer&quot; show PJ Harvey at her most despondent and desperate. &quot;How long must I suffer?/Dear God, I've served my time/This love beomes my torture/This love my only crime,&quot; she agonizes over dry, rhythmic flamenco guitar on the former; on the latter, she moans over the loss of a lover &quot;bathed in light and splendor and glory&quot; while an eerie organ and watery guitar strumming mirror her emotion. Spirituality also comes into play here quite often; she speaks of God, Jesus or the devil in at least half her songs. PJ Harvey's not easy--she dives straight to the heart of the wildest emotions. But she deserves credit(and a bigger audience) precisely for being hard--and compelling."))
(4.0, (u'6300252051', u'I saw El Cid back when I was just a kid, and loved it.  It was directed expertly by Anthony Mann.  The excellent musical score was composed by the famous Miklos Rozsa, the award-winning composer for Ben-Hur a year or so earlier.  Though I am not a Spanish history expert, I found the action sequences to be the some of the best I had ever seen in films.  It is an inspirational and entertaining film.  It is almost impossible not to get swept away by the love story between Heston and Sophis Loren.  What a lady, and what a warrior Heston made.  END'))
(4.0, (u'B000002PD8', u"1976's 'Royal Scam'simmers in the purple imagery of its' cover art work. Now nestled securely in the studio Steely Dan leaders Becker and Fagen delved into their lyric books and conjured up perhaps their most literate album ever.From the opening tale of an LSD pusher in 'Kid Charlemange' (a minor US hit single) on through the funky ode to safe sex of 'The Fez' (another minor US hit) the album passed into the epic tale of love gone bad in 'Hatian Divorce'(a UK Top 20 hit).  The title track was a classic staple of hip &quot;underground&quot; FM radio playlists and lyrically invoked imagery of a PBS documentary on Puerto Rican immigration.Musically the album seemed to be stretching the boundaries of &quot;rock&quot; with the funky bass lines of Chuck Rainey and the multi-tracked horns of John Klemmer and Chuck Findley.  Becker now stood in the forefront as Steely Dan guitar leader but got invaluable help on this set by Larry Carlton (of the Crusaders), Elliot Randall (of 'Reelin In the Years' Fame) and Denny Dias (an original Steely Dan member who'd soon fade into obscurity).The 'Royal Scam' is a vital piece in the Steely Dan puzzle; it bridges the gap from Steely Dan I (i.e. Jeff Baxter et al.) to the final Steely Dan incarnation of Fagen, Becker and a cast of thousands....and of course its' sonic brilliance comes to full fruition in its' current cd edition.Steve O'Rourke"))
(4.0, (u'B000000E5M', u"This band is like a sunny day in the middle of winter: a pleasant and much-welcomed surprise.  They bring an energy level and mastery of their respective instruments that is quite rare these days. From Seamus Egan on various wind instruments to John Doyle's riveting acoustic guitar work, this band combines to create some of the most captivating music around. This CD has a great mixture of acoustic tracks as well as tunes with some haunting vocals.  I've had the wonderful pleasure of seeing Solas twice in concert in the last year (at an outdoor folk festival and at The Ark in Ann Arbor) and I can say their live performances are just as impressive and compelling as this CD.  Check it out."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025IC', u"CD is good quality recording done in Ms. Hunter's later years. Alberta had a successful career in jazz in the US and Europe in early part of this century, came back to the US, raised a family and had a full career as a nurse.  After &quot;retirering&quot; as a nurse, she went back to performing.  While her voice clearly shows her age, it also shows what makes Alberta's performances so great, STYLE!  Her voice is filled with character and personality which is simply wonderful.  If you ever got to see her live, you'll know what this means.  This recording captures some of that and for that reason is worth adding to your collection.  She can still make me blush!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002VSW', u"Having been a fan of the 5th Dimension for over 30 years, I was thrilled to finally have in my collection a CD released in the U.S. that contained some of their best work. It is long-overdue. Every Top 40 song is included in this compilation. In addition, there are some special cuts taken from several of their albums. The linear notes on the group are comprehensive, accurate, and enjoyable to read. The only drawback is that there are no songs from Florence LaRue, who along with Marilyn McCoo provided the female voices in the group. Florence had some exceptional songs on several of the group's albums. And her work is sadly missed on this compilation, as any fan would tell you.For a great collection of the 5th Dimension's work, this compilation is &quot;must have&quot;, even if you are not a die-hard fan."))
(4.0, (u'B0000062UW', u"At 47 years I continue to listen to and look forward to the continued evolution of Eric Clapton's mastered craft.  After many many listenings of Pilgrim it struck me that the understated guitar playing that everyone talks about on this album is not understated at all but in fact Eric has achieved the ability to sing through his guitar in a way that can only be acheived by a person who has played for over 40 years.  The track &quot;River of tears&quot; brings tears of joy to my eyes at the shear beauty of the story, composition and rainbow of sound color.  In addition Eric has certainly proven that his vocal talents are in top form for a person in his middle years. It is appropriate that Mr. Clapton not try to revisit his younger Cream years and instead explore his fully developed seasoned talents in a way that is unique and totally enjoyable to me.  Great Great album."))
(4.0, (u'B000002JFB', u"I bought the original recording just after the Broadway show began because of a review that commented on a great percussion solo (&quot;Into the Fire&quot;). I thought it might be a good show to do for our High School Marching Band competitions. I enjoyed it very much and wanted to see the show. The music and words to &quot;Home Again&quot; were also great. When the Broadway Cast CD was released I rushed out to get it figuring the additional songs and a &quot;live&quot; recording would be even better. The first track I went to was &quot;Into the Fire&quot;. I couldn't believe how this was ruined. My kids were also very disappointed. I noticed also that some other songs were missing. The additions were good. The beginning music and moving up &quot;Madame Guillotine&quot; helped to ease my disappointment. I'm still planning on seeing the Broadway show soon. If Mr. Wildhorn reads this soon, I wish he would change &quot;Into the Fire&quot; back to its original form. The 6 second drum piece is great. The best part of either CD and the first thing I noticed was that the music is easy listening. After reading some other reviews I found out Mr. Wildhorn has been criticized for this before. I think that criticism is wrong.  I think more people would enjoy it if it is something that is easy to listen to and the tunes stay with you. If you haven't heard the Original CD then get the Broadway CD. Overall it's good. END"))
(4.0, (u'B000002HR2', u"Pure Curists may say that &quot;standing on a beach&quot; defines the best of the cure,but that compilation was before their finest most complete album ,&quot;Disintegration&quot;.Galore is a real treat,aswell as ths singles from Disintegration there's the brillant &quot;friday i'm in love&quot;, the closer mix of &quot;close to me &quot;and perhaps the finest achivement of the album,the new track &quot;wrong number&quot;. This is excellent and it's inculsion on the album help make it a strong contender to dethrone standing on a beach.It's also cool the way they've replaced the old man on the cover with a baby.I'm sure this album will last longer than his discarded ice-cream!"))
(4.0, (u'B000005A47', u"I had never heard of Ms. Anel until I came across this record in a cut out bin of a popular chain (yes you do get lucky sometimes!).  It is a recording full of ballads and mid-tempos (with one or two uptempo numbers) that had a definite &quot;New York&quot; feel.  A pop-jazz sound that sets a definite (and often) romantic tone.  Ms. Anel's &quot;husky&quot; voice is well suited for the material and the sound is reminicent of Jennifer Warren's later works (&quot;The Hunter&quot; and &quot;Famous Blue Raincoat&quot;)...if you liked those, you'll love this one.  Definetely worth a listen if you like a smokey, pop-jazz sound.  Nice music to curl up with a loved one after a hard day with a glass of wine."))
(4.0, (u'B000005AZL', u"I found myself singing along to most of the songs in my car the first time I played this CD.  And then I realized:  I had been singing some of these since I was a child growing up in church.  What a terrific way of bridging traditional gospel/bluegrass with some contemporary favorites to reach a wide audience!  Once you get over the initial amusement at the contrast of Johnny Cash singing &quot;In the Garden,&quot; you realize he's a classic singing a classic.  So rich! A good pass-along, too.  I recenly left our car with our mechanic and this CD was still in the dash.  When I picked up the car, our mechanic asked if he could borrow The Apostle; he listened to it as he test-drove, and was really moved."))
(4.0, (u'B0000017JM', u"Peter Tork.  The name alone inspires thoughts of the Monkees, the goofy TV show, and the pop-friendly albums produced for it.  But there has always been depth to Peter Tork that the Monkees only hinted at.  This album shows off Peter's true musicianship, along with that of his best friend and co-hort in this project, James Lee Stanley.  The album alternates between the two, starting with Stanley.  (Probably so Tork could close the album out with a nifty rendition of &quot;Pleasant Valley Sunday&quot;, the only Monkees tune here.)  By doing this, one can contrast and compare the two artists' styles, showing how well they compliment each other.  Since they are the only two on the album, they also act as each other's backing vocalists.  The harmonies produced are wonderful, particularly on the Stanley songs, where you can see that Peter's vocals were often the backbone to many a solid Monkees song.  The songs are mostly re-recordings of songs from previous Tork or Stanley albums, and range from thoughtful &quot;Everyday&quot; to the extremely quirky, &quot;Milkshake.&quot;  Peter also performs a nifty version of my favorite song of his, &quot;MGB-GT.&quot;  This cut alone made the purchase worth it.  If there is one thing I didn't like about the album, it was that it was too short.  Clocking in at 32:44, I'm usually just getting into the groove, and the album's over.  This is a solid introduction to Peter Tork's non-Monkees work and the work of James Lee Stanley.  If you've any interest in either of these talented artists, I urge you to buy this album."))
(4.0, (u'B000002P64', u"With &quot;Share My World&quot;, Mary J continues her reign as the undisputed Queen of Hip Hop. The absence of Puff Daddy is recognizable, as the samples on this album are toned down. With new producers like Babyface, Jimmy Jam &amp; Terry Lewis, Rodney Jerkins, Malik Pendleton, and not to mention the tracks that she herself cowrote, Mary conquers the hip hop world once again.  As on &quot;My Life&quot; the pain is still there, but what makes this one differen't is that Mary sings more maturely on this album.  Stand out cuts are the title track, &quot;I Can Love You&quot;, &quot;Seven Days&quot;, &quot;Everything&quot;...  Although it doesn't live up to her previous efforts (at times it sounds like its overproduced), the best of Mary J. Blige is DEFINITELY on this album.Peace El-715"))
(4.0, (u'B000007V8S', u"&quot;Ghost Nation&quot; is a very strong entry into H &amp; C's  collected works.  Those unfamiliar with the band may recall hearing the single &quot;When the River Runs Dry&quot; back in 1989 on college/alternative radio.  In short, on the &quot;Ghost Nation&quot; CD,  Hunters and Collectors write tight, thoughtful songs about a issues ranging from poverty (&quot;Turn a Blind Eye&quot;) to drug addiction (the gorgeous &quot;You Stole My Thunder&quot;).  Their sound is difficult to pigenhole, but there are few rock bands with a larger, more driving/rhythmic sound than the Hunters.  The horn section they employ is an added bonus.  Lead singer Mark Seymour (brother to Crowded House bassist Nick Seymour) has a distinctive voice honed to roaring perfection on the Austrailian pub circuit, and he's an equally gifted lyricist.  Check out any CD by Hunters and Collectors, particularly their new &quot;farewell&quot; release, &quot;Juggernaut.&quot;  For a good sampling of their work, try &quot;Collected,&quot; a best of compilation available on IRS records in the US.  Enjoy!"))
(4.0, (u'B000000A1X', u"A Hound Dog Taylor tribute album filled primarily with other Alligator Records artists is a sound idea, because there would be no Alligator without Hound Dog. It's to the credit of each artist here that he manages to sound like himself and not like a Hound Dog imitation. And it's to our benefit that those artists include titans such as Luther Allison and Magic Slim. Sometimes they reach too far afield, as if they're trying to show how far Hound Dog's songs will stretch (Vernon Reid's acoustic number is tasty playing, but electricity was the very soul of Hound Dog's art). All-round, though, the performances range from very-good to excellent, most of Hound Dog's best songs are covered, and it's a great treat to hear George Thorogood sounding like his old indie-label self. (Special mention has to be made of the cover by Lil' Ed &amp; the Blues Imperials: one of the hottest, finest blues performances in years!)"))
(4.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"I have been a Tori fan since the Little Earthquakes days, and even though the piano is at the core of her songs, I was hoping that she'd branch off with a fuller sound (i.e. add a band) and thankfully, with from the choirgirl hotel, she has. This is a good but not great album... Favorite tracks are the punchier ones (&quot;spark&quot;)and &quot;she's your cocaine&quot; which reminds me of the kind of honkeytonk bar where they have chicken wire around the band... but I have to supress my gag reflex when I heart &quot;jackie's strength&quot;, and the wailing on &quot;hotel&quot; makes my ears bleed. But I got around that, I just set my CD player to skip those. :) If you're a Tori fan, you'll buy this album just to hear what she's doing next..."))
(4.0, (u'B0000029LG', u"While most of the media treated this work as indication that Michael had gone from saving the music industry (much of disk 1) to suddenly having no talent (disk 2), the fact is this is his most heartfelt and soulful music.  Starting with Scream and They Don't Care About Us, Michael sings the reality of learning the press has turned on him and his government would disappoint him.  Songs that many of today's professional artists and political figures can surely relate to.  MJ takes the Beatles' hit Come Together and makes you believe what you are hearing is how he sang along with it when it first played on the radio.  You Are Not Alone strikes me as one of the best ballads ever by anyone.  The only weak spot of disk 2 is ironically, Smile - where MJ seems to be saying despite the trials he's been through, in the end he'll be happy.  The vocals on disk 2 are pure MJ flawless, the music is timeless (3 years later, it's still great driving music), and the engineering is perfect.  Play disk 1 for your children; save disk2 for teens and adults."))
(4.0, (u'0783105533', u"This movie is based on part of the life of the author C.S. Lewis but you do not need to be a fan or indeed even read any of his work to enjoy it.  Hopkins plays Lewis, a rigid Christian Philospher.  &quot;A tempestuous American woman enters his life and eventually wins his heart&quot; is how Hollywood would describe it, but this is more than a shallow love tale.  The movie is beautifully shot and the performances are all quite fine.  There are moments of very real, grab the kleenex sadness here as well as real insight into the essence of the characters.  I can't say enough about Anthony Hopkins here...buy this tape!  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000003CKH', u"This band, out of Sacramento CA, will come as a great find to those who don't already know of them.  This, their second album (the first 'Motorcade of Generosity' had the memorable tune 'Rock &amp; Roll Lifestyle') is a great mix of covers and original material.  Cake's style is difficult to categorize, but includes bits of country (including W.Nelson's 'Sad Songs and Waltzes), Ska, and lots of horn.  The album is solid all the way through, all the tunes are good and worth a listen; however, the lead tune 'Frank Sinatra' and their cover of the Lauria Gaynor hit 'I Will Survive' are brillant.  Though I did not give this album five stars, it is one of my favorite albums of the last few years."))
(4.0, (u'B000001P0E', u"Wow, what a loud score!  This is one of those black mass choir scores, on the lines of the Omen trilogy.  However, this score is so much more evil and sinister, which is to its benefit.  Nearly every track begins with some sort of a loud crash of instruments.  The first track brings into mind a classic good vs evil struggle, while the sinister Leviathan track just eminates pure evil through its repetitive whooshing of a devil horn.(It sounds very dark and powerful) Some tracks are just as strange as they are spooky, for example the Hall of mirrors which features scary carnival music.  This cd also features a few tracks from a lackluster 70's film.  The music sounds a little flat, but the final track is pleasant.  Over all, this cd is an excellent and scary ride.  I reccomend this for fans of dark choirs or dark, scary music in general."))
(4.0, (u'B000002IO7', u"Baby be mine is a great tune - with a nice twist or two at the end.  Little fighter - although an annoyyingly clich&eacute; title, is a great tune for it's spirit and the talented guitarwork and musicianship pulls some emotion out of you - but only if you are very familiar with what the song is about (the sinking of the Greenpeace flagship Rainbow Warrior by the French Govornment to stop a planned Greenpeace protest of French Nuclear testing). Other titles like Radar Love and If my mind is evil (about Televangelism) are also very very good.  It's a pity that the musician ship and creativity on the first two albums didn't carry over to Mane Attraction."))
(4.0, (u'B00000163G', u"This is probably the most overated of all 2pac's work.  You would think that after his release from prison, 2pac would have delivered an album that is a better commentary on his life trials prior to prison.  Instead, 2pac goes right back to the sh-t, focusing too much on, and overdramatizing the thug-life. This drawn-out, sprawling, if not tedious double album tends to be annoying at times. However, stand-out tracks like &quot;How Do You Want It&quot;, &quot;Bring the Pain&quot;, California Love&quot;, I aint Mad at Cha&quot; &quot;Wonda Why they Call You B--tch&quot; and a few others takes on all the needless and uncalled for tracks, not making it a complete throw-away.  While it's certainly not as consistent as his previous efforts, this double CD still contains the best from one of the most prolific rappers in Hip Hop.Peace! El-715"))
(4.0, (u'B0000025ND', u"This record was released in 1981, right before the wheels came off in Joe's life. Living on the edge of colapse financially and from drug abuse,  the overall production shows it. Not necessarily a bad thing if you like kick-ass rock'n'roll. Joe plays with the anger displayed on his first solo release,&quot;LET THE MUSIC DO THE TALKING&quot;, but the songs are better. While Mr.Perry's guitar is  screaming, with a fire it has rarely shown since, Charlie Farren's vocals are better than any on Joe's first disc. However, the record misses something. Few can come close to Steven Tyler's vocal presence for that kind of balls to the wall bluesy rock'n'roll. In my opinion, it still isn't quite an Aerosmith record. Though, for songwriting and as fiery a guitar preformance as you'll hear from Joe on a studio disc, this is Joe Perry's best album as a solo artist."))
(4.0, (u'6303504779', u"This tape is deceptively simple. Linda Arkin keeps it simple. I mean this as high praise.  Yoga is a very deeply layered philopsophy resting on insights discovered over the millenia.  Yoga explores the mind-body connection in very spiritual way--a way that is often missing in our modern Western life. Yoga shows a path toward personal spiritual development through patience, humility, silence and respect.  That one's body and health improves is merely a positive side effect of the spiritual growth that is possible with the practice of yoga.  Linda Arkin draws the novice to these realizations in a very effective manner. She gives a beginner a good beginning for what could easily be a misunderstood discipline.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B0000039Q1', u"What do you get when you come across a milder version of Mary J. Blige, and a more natural version of Whitney Houston?  The result is one of the most influential R&amp;B singers of the 90's. Although her lyrics aren't as prolific or convincing as Mary J, and her voice is a lot tamer than Whitney's, Faith Evans does more than prove that she can hold her own ground on this impressive debut album.  Standout tracks are &quot;Aint Nobody&quot;, &quot;Love don't Live Here Anymore&quot; with Mary J. Blige, &quot;Soon As I Get Home, and a few others.  While it certainly has some boring moments, this album makes Faith Evans a serious singer to be reckoned with.El-715"))
(4.0, (u'0767808673', u"Okay, okay, we all know what to expect from the Spice Girls.  Ever since the vinyl-, leopard print-, and lip gloss-clad quintet popped onto our screens and into our ears last January with &quot;Wannabe,&quot; we haven't been able to shake them.  Well, I'd like to take the opportunity to say I don't wanna shake them.  Sure, their style falls somewhere on the depth chart a few notches below the Archies, but come on - it's the Spice Girls!  Now that I've laid the groundwork, I'll get to the matter at hand.  I listen to the Spice Girls for one reason and one reason only - their music, hate it though you may, is catchy.  Capital C, captial a-t-c-h-y.  It's been years since I could listen to a group without caring about their causes, their backstory, the hotel rooms they trashed, etc.  So the existence of &quot;Spice World&quot; represents a refreshingly fun presence in the world of music.  While their debut album, &quot;Spice&quot; offered several individually good singles (e.g. &quot;Say You'll Be There,&quot; &quot;2 Become 1,&quot; etc.), pound for pound, I'd have to enumerate &quot;Spice World&quot; as a better album.  The recently-scaled-down-to-four English group acquits themselves admirably, showing a diversity not suggested by the dance-heavy &quot;Spice.&quot;  The variety of styles on &quot;Spice World&quot; manifests itself in Latin rhythms (&quot;Spice Up Your Life&quot;), Phil Spectorian girl groupishness (&quot;Stop&quot;), sleek R&amp;B (&quot;Too Much&quot;), soul (&quot;Do It&quot;), and of all genres to be represented on a Spice Girls album, swing (&quot;The Lady is a Vamp&quot;).  Granted, even as a devotee, I could have lived without the extended version of &quot;Move Over,&quot; the Girls' Pepsi jingle.  Come on, this album, and the group for that matter, couldn't look more like a commercial concotion if a &quot;That Thing You Do&quot;-era Tom Hanks were visible pulling their strings.  We accept it, so don't rub it in our faces.  But even such corporate flogging can't d! ull the undeniable pop effectiveness of the Girls' sophmore effort.  You don't listen to the Spice Girls for serious art.  You listen to them for the same reason you go to summer movies - you sit back, you put the brain in neutral, and you enjoy. So there you have it - a solid pop album, and the conditions under which you should listen to it.  What more could you really, really want?"))
(4.0, (u'B000001HZN', u"I thought this CD would follow many I've bought with regards to oldies. It seems some music is better left in it's time period, but &quot;A Good Thing Lost&quot; is different. Listening to Susan Jacks' voice, after all these years, it strikes you as one of those voices that really could've gone somewhere. There's the mega-hit &quot;Which Way You Going Billy&quot;, which is the gem on the CD, but others are equally as enjoyable, such as the Tammy Wynette-influenced &quot;Tryin'&quot; and the rocker &quot;There's No Blood in Bone&quot;. Makes you wonder why Susan, with her terrific set of pipes, never really made it on her own, despite a couple of solo endeavours. Terry, of course, went on to make a big hit of &quot;Seasons In The Sun&quot;. You'll enjoy this CD immensely. Thanks for the opportunity to review it."))
(4.0, (u'B000002LNB', u"Known primarily for his pioneering production work with U2, Brian Eno has had an extensive career as a solo artist and collaborator.  After leaving Roxy Music in the early '70's, Eno explored a variety of music styles.  Always the innovator, his series of Ambient albums opened many musical possibilities for a number of artists.  Collaborations with such artists as David Bowie, Robert Fripp and David Byrne produced a number of landmark releases that retain their initial power and relevance today.  &quot;Wrong Way Up&quot; pairs Eno with former Velvet Underground member John Cale.  The result is a rather beautiful album with the potential for mainstream accessibility.  Eno's influence on the disc is heavier than Cale's, with trademark Eno vocal harmonies tending to dominate.  The track &quot;Spinning Away&quot; exhibits classic Eno melodies nicely blended with a string arrangement.  &quot;One Word&quot; is a wonderfully rhythmic piece featuring superb guitar work from David Ahwai.  &quot;Crime in the Desert&quot; has a driving, upbeat feel which lifts the album at just the right moment.  Released in 1990, the album does reflect some elements of '80's pop, explicitly represented by the track, &quot;Been There, Done That&quot;.  All in all, a fruitful collaboration between these two musical innovators and a valuable addition to Eno's ouvre."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025WQ', u"Why this record didn't lead to megastar status for Cyndi is still beyond me. It has the musical freshness and quirky charisma (not to mention a whole passle of good tunes) which should have sent Lauper to pop heaven with that other breakout female singer (can't remember her name, something Catholic) in 1984. But it didn't. Still, after nearly 15 years, returning to this CD is an unmitigated delight: the infectious joy of &quot;Girls Just Wanna Have Fun&quot; still communicates, as does the wholesale delicacy and pathos of &quot;Time After Time&quot; and &quot;All Throught the Night.&quot; Best yet, Cyndi could really sing--check out the sustained notes she hits at the end of &quot;Money Changes Everything.&quot; I think people got caught up in Lauper's rainbow-haired look and forgot to listen as closely as they should have. (Note: the original CD transfer isn't all that good, hence the one star deduction--Columbia/SONY needs to reissue it. But if you don't mind highlights, the &quot;12 Deadly Cyns&quot; CD contains some well mastered versions of a number of &quot;Unusual's&quot; hits.) Cyndi, in a Material World, you're still so unusual, thank God!"))
(4.0, (u'B000006NTP', u"1980 brought us Gary Numan's fourth full feature album in three years(you CAN'T call him lazy) and is ripe again with those cuddly feelings of alienation and detachment. This time around, Gary's sound is aiming away from the purely Moogy 70's sound and into the slick, piano-laden, drum machine textures that were to define his lesser known mid-80's work. Telekon is the last album to feature Paul Gardiner on Bass, and is the last to rely prominently on the drum set. &quot;We are Glass&quot; is the most popular track, but &quot;Telekon&quot; and &quot;The Aircrash Bureau&quot; are invigorating sci-fi in musical form. Let's not forget the swank &quot;Remind Me To Smile&quot;, which would have fit perfectly in an episode of Buck Rogers. Just picture Gary in that outfit waving that wand around with Gil Gerard and Erin Gray movin' to the beat. Dr. Theopolis would have been proud."))
(4.0, (u'B000002541', u"Arguably the best album that Kansas ever put out, Song for America is quintessential 1970s album rock (no singles ever made the charts from this album).  The album shows the distinct influence of roots-tinged country music on the stock rock music of the early 70s.  The title track is certainly the best song on the album, despite its trite lyrics.  It is the music that is the magic in this track as the listener can clearly hear all of the band's influences at work: classical, country, rock, and even a touch of the rural mysticism that would find its true voice inPat Methenybefore the decade closed.And, it's the best album cover Kansas ever had, and one of the most iconic album covers of all time, from a time when the album cover actually meant something."))
(4.0, (u'B000003G80', u"An adventure in all that is campy, gay, Americana.The CD's only weakness is that so much of the show is visual. The constumes [which are shown in the liner notes] are amazing, and -- truth-be-told -- the show is as much about them as it is about Howard Crabtree [our protagonist] and his dream of someday singing and dancing and making fabulous costumes for all his friends -- &quot;All the other Dream Curlies from all the other high schools all over America.&quot;The music, however, is remarkably clever. One high point for me: the three &quot;Torch Songs,&quot; each sung to a different conservative figure: Newt, Strom, and Rush, respectively.A wonderful recording of a remarkable show. Don your over-the-top hat and hop on... pork is taking wing!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000029AY', u"I've been an Aerosmith fan since 1979 and through it all I've stuck with'm. I haven't reviewed the more popular Aerodiscs yet as I've found it more interesting to comment on the records the real dedicated fans have. I'll let the bandwagoneers handle their 5 star shout fests on the more wellknown albums &quot;Toys&quot; &quot;Rocks&quot; and the like.  This record &quot;Night in the Ruts&quot; effectionatly known as &quot;Right in the Nuts&quot; is one of the most overlooked. Joe Perry had left during it's making and was doomed by the industry from that point even before it's release in '79. The old school critics couldn't wait to knock it from the day it came out. As bad as Steven T was in those days(D-R-U-G-S) he could write those hard rockers like noone else before or since. Songs such as &quot;No Surprise&quot;&quot;Chiquita&quot; and &quot;Three Mile Smile&quot; are umung boys best, yes they are as good as any on &quot;Rocks&quot;. There I've said it. I love &quot;Coney Island Whitefish Boy&quot; almost as much and the cover of &quot;Think About It&quot; is flawless. I've heard the original YARDBIRDS version of it and they owe a debt of gratitude to Aerosmith for recreating it into pure perfection, even better than the cover of &quot;Train Kepta Rollin'&quot; another YARDBIRDS remake off &quot;Get Your Wings&quot; from '74. Steven may have changed his mind since but he's gone so far as to call &quot;No Surprise&quot; is his favorite Aerosmith song. It's up there for me and I love alot of them. I may be alone on this one but this record is only a couple songs away from being a &quot;10&quot; (or 5 stars in this case). &quot;Nights&quot; is awesome but it's too short. If you think your a real fan buy it, live it, love it."))
(4.0, (u'B0000063FA', u"Unless you are a deadly serious E.C. fan, it is difficult to keep track of all of his collaborations, the songs he writes for others, or the covers of his own songs. After Dylan, he is arguably the most imaginative and prolific songwriter of the rock era.  This CD is a wide-ranging collection of talented artists who have channeled Elvis in the studio and on stage.  Their voices may be different, but the words are unmistakably E.C.  The lyrics are in fact the center of this collection--musical styles swirl around (pop, country/rockabilly, ballads, folk, and jazz) in tribute to the versatility of his songwriting and the malleability of his songs, but Elvis' words are coming out of these other mouths because they all appreciate what E.C. has done crafting these lines.  This is not a tribute album, but a study of how talented performers can't resist good songs.  In that sense, this is a &quot;greatest hits&quot; album of sorts.  It evades the uneveness that some complain about in Elvis' albums.  It is an album of many voices: An Elvis fan can listen and enjoy the essence that is truly E.C., and a person who hates Costello can listen and enjoy 21 solid and multifarious performances."))
(4.0, (u'B000000OAH', u"JAZZ was recorded during 1978, a tough period for Queen. They were still very popular (&quot;We are the champions&quot; and &quot;We will rock you&quot; were smash hits in 1977, and that year tour just rocked), but were facing the challenge of creating music while punk and new wave were dictating the rules.The result was music as ecletic as Queen's previous works, with some hard rock numbers, ballads and other adventures in the pop-rock area. But this time there was a deliberate effort to sound simpler and less over-produced than before.You won't find any epic songs like &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; or &quot;Innuendo&quot;, or pop anthems llike &quot;Another One Bites the Dust&quot; or &quot;Radio Gaga&quot;. There are, instead, some good moments and some others that, though listenable ( Queen was such a talented group), lack most of the power and magic that made the band famous world-wide.The order of the songs is awkward. Some rocking moments are separated by soft material,  breaking any climate that could possibly be achieved. One may argue it was characteristic of Queen, but this time things just didn't work well.JAZZ was the last studio album of the band not to include synthetizers. As before, Queen's sound relied more on May's guitar and Mercury's piano, but the support of Taylor and Deacon was competent as usual. The vocal harmonies are sharp, as one might expect, but no operatic extravaganzas this time.About the songs: If you want rock, listen to &quot;Fat Bottomed Girls&quot; (arguably the most sexist lyrics Queen has ever wrote, closer to Aerosmith than their style), &quot;Let me Entertain You&quot; (it should open the album!), &quot;Dead on Time&quot;(May's trademark guitar and cool songwriting shine here) and &quot;All that Jazz&quot;. They proved they really knew how to rock, but avoided the true heavy riffs and instrumentals of previous albuns  that sounded as metallic as they could be.Ballads? Mercury's &quot;Jealousy&quot;, Deacon's &quot;In only seven days&quot; a! nd May's &quot;Leaving Home Ain't Easy&quot;. Careful arrangements, but no great stuff.Curiosities? The slightly arabic &quot;Mustapha&quot;, Taylor's funky &quot;Fun It&quot; (some cool instrumental passages. No way to imagine the band playing it in the first albuns,right?) and &quot;Dreamers Ball&quot; (simple but lovely).The pop singles &quot;Don't Stop Me Now&quot; and &quot;Bycicle Race&quot; are funny but disappointing if one compares to &quot;Somebody to Love&quot; and &quot;Killer Queen&quot;, previous piano driven hits. Anyway ,they have the more direct approach they were looking for.It was a transitional album for the band. If you are a fan, then you should have it. If you prever the heavier, more eccentric albuns of the early seventies or are just looking for the big hits, then  you can do well without JAZZ."))
(4.0, (u'B000002UR7', u"I have only listened to this album a few times, but I was touched by the songs Creep, and Thinking About You.  Creep is pretty self explanatory, and I think nearly all of those who have heard it have related to it at least once and have loved it.  Thinking About You is wonderful.  It ranks as high or higher than Creep.  It questions love and brings tears to my eyes when I listen to it because I've really known depression and right now I love someone to such an extent that I cry and wonder if they do care when I'm not around.  You all can probably understand that in one way or another.  So think about buying this album."))
(4.0, (u'B000001Y9O', u"Being an 80's music fan, Dokken was naturally one of my staples. This disc is a recording of a live show they did a few years ago in a small Redondo Beach, CA club. It is a slowed down sometime acoustic rendition of some of their hits. They do also play a few cuts from their newer albums. Don and the boys really give us a treat. The hits are played with even more feeling and dedication to the music than the originals. &quot;Unchain the Night&quot; starts the album off with a bang. I just love this album. If you are a Dokken fan this is a must have. Forget their last studio album."))
(4.0, (u'B000003Z43', u"Unlike most of their British counterparts in the early 90's, Inspiral Carpets seem to be more of a throwback to the 60's - most of their songs center around keyboard sounds which could've been from that era.  Nevertheless, I found Singles to be an enjoyable album - maybe not as dancey like Happy Mondays or Blur, but still fun to listen to.  They sound sort of like how the Jam would have sounded if they had played in the late 60's - the lead singer's voice is a dead ringer for Paul Weller.  I would have given this album five stars (especially since they have some great singles in the first half of the album, most notably This Is How It Feels, She Comes In The Fall, Please Be Cruel, and Commercial Reign), however Inspiral Carpets seem to get a case of same-song-itis about 3/4 of the way through the album (you'll know when).  Perhaps they should have shortened the album to its best 14 or 15 songs - it would've been an indispensable album.  Still, it's definitely worth the price of admission.  Check it out!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000035F7', u"After the second or third listening of 'The Way of The Vaselines' it is easy to see why Kurt Cobain loved this band so much.  From the instantly recognisable crisp recording of Son Of A Gun, to the slowed down masterpiece that is Dying For It (the blues), this album will be sticking in your head for weeks.I was very cautious in buying this cd as I had never heard of the Vaselines before in my life, but I now realise it was stupid to feel this way as the justification of spending $14 for something I'd never heard comes from listening to the songs. Way of the Vaselines is a top buy and extremely recommended."))
(4.0, (u'B000002J2D', u"Now that they were down to three members, most people thought that Genesis was doomed.  However, this turned out to be an enjoyable album.  And Then There Were Three really seems to have Tony Banks' stamp written all over it - the songs are very keyboard driven - yet you can tell Phil was making Genesis his show.  This enjoyable balance really works best on Follow You, Follow Me (my favorite Phil Collins-era Genesis track), but all of the songs are worth the price of admission, especailly Down And Out, Scenes From A Night's Dream, and Many Too Many.  It was very clear that Genesis were on their way to superstardom."))
(4.0, (u'B000006YUX', u"One of the most over-looked gems of 1983. Formed out of remnants of The Specials, Fun Boy 3 create a cool mix of ska, reggae, soul, and jazz. The opening song of Waiting, &quot;Our lips are sealed&quot; (which is much hipper than the Go-go's version), says it all.  Way laid-back cool, much cooler than their previous hit, &quot;It ain't what you do&quot; with Banarama (for you young kids, a kind of slaggier '80's Spice Girls. no check that, the Spice Girls are way slaggier). Anyway, wait for a hot summer evening, move the CD player to the porch, grind up some daiquiri's, put up your flip-flops, and let the Boys take you there.  Mmmmmm."))
(4.0, (u'B000005C4F', u"slip this greasy pickle slice in your cd player and behold, barbecue sauce and beer pour from your speakers as you are transported in some indeterminate blues-time (1950s? 1980s, according to the menu) to a texas roadhouse with a live band! a friendly texan with high hair, two-tone shoes, and a ten-hole  harp in his mouth wraps his arm around you and bids you welcome, handing you extra napkins to sop up the excess hair oil and barbecue sauce  you will encounter. this is james &quot;icepick&quot; harman, and he proceeds to squonk some cold harp for your pleasure  while  backed up by a tangy blues guitar.  the menu says these are previously unreleased songs from the '80s, but who's to date that old-fashioned texas sound? long as harman's around, these blues are here to stay, too, and that's fine by me."))
(4.0, (u'B000001FWM', u"OK, so the sound quality is gruesome by today's standards (and I've subtracted a star for it). But the &quot;feel&quot; of this record is as authentic as it gets. I was always a big fan of the band and lamented that I never saw them while Duane and Berry were alive (I think I saw the Chuck Leavell piano-rich version in the mid 70s). Anyhow, this album takes you there. &quot;Dreams&quot; hits a fantastic groove, and the rest of the cuts on the first disc are reminiscent of the material on &quot;Fillmore East.&quot;But, believe it or not, it's the &quot;Mountain Jam&quot; that keeps bringing me back to this record. I was not a big fan of the jam on &quot;Eat a Peach.&quot; Maybe it was because you had to flip the record to play the whole thing (shows you how old I am). Maybe it was because the rest of that album was so unbelievably great. But on &quot;Ludlow&quot; the Jam flows effortlessly through several phases with surprisingly different feels. It never lags, even during the drum solo. The official reviewer on this page claims that this jam can be found elsewhere in the Allmans catalogue. Now I'm not dead-certain about this, but I'm pretty sure this is a different version than the one on &quot;Peach.&quot;Anyhow, if you're an Allmans fan, and if, like me, you love &quot;Fillmore East,&quot; get this album. It's like you were really in the Ludlow Garage."))
(4.0, (u'B000000DR3', u"In &quot;Love In Slow Motion,&quot; Angela Bofill returns to the time when she used her smoky and powerful voice.  Her lower ranges are better than ever and in songs like &quot;Real Love&quot; and &quot;Are You Leaving Me Now?&quot; long-time fans will hear and appreciate her vocal efforts.  Ms. Bofill has one of the most balanced and delicious jazz/r&amp;b voices around, unfortunately, she's been involved in several past projects that did not use her powerful instrument to its full potential.  Her strong points are her ballads.  &quot;Love In Slow Motion&quot; is her best effort in years.  Let's hope she continues to utilize that amazing voice in future endeavors."))
(4.0, (u'B0000003PT', u"almost as strong as his last incredible album, mr freeze, primich's newest starts off rocking and stays that way. primich has great new songs, sings wonderfully, does a killer imitation of sonny boy II, and also unleashes a  harp style all his own, a breathy complex of chords and notes that will vibrate your head down to your feet.  catch it here on  the instrumentals &quot;my home&quot; and &quot;varmint&quot;  in particular, and also on &quot;what's it gonna be.&quot;  he holds those chords so long you think time is standing still. master of syles, he also comes up with appropriate jazz licks for &quot;ain't you trouble,&quot; and a grinding delta sound for &quot;dry county blues.&quot;  if you like blues harp, you need this."))
(4.0, (u'B0000029AU', u"It absolutely amazes me, all these other &quot;customer comments&quot; reviews seem to've been written by the youngest of fans. There are so many reviews for the more recent CD's such as &quot;Nine Lives&quot;,&quot;Pump&quot; and &quot;Big Ones&quot; and none for the Joe Perry Project or Aerosmith's older records like &quot;Nights&quot; or this one. Anyway, back to the album at hand. &quot;Draw the Line&quot;, widely regarded as the beginning of the end for Aerosmith part I, is another of the very underrated CD's from the Baddest Boy's catalogue. The title track, as well as &quot;I Wanna Know Why&quot; are real Aerosmith classics. &quot;Milk Cow Blues&quot; is a remake of an old blues tune. It's totally different from the Eddie Cocheran version which I highly recommend real rock fans pick up. Rock'n'Roll actually started in this country. Much to the surprise of alot of you younger fans The Beatles, while great, only reinvented our music. Aerosmith has their own style of swinging, bluesy, riff orientated, kick-a** like it ain't been done before music. If you claim you love these guys, as much as I do, then pick this CD up now. I love it!(5 stars should be a rarity)"))
(4.0, (u'6304211554', u"This moive is about two women who have known each other since childhood. Like a lot a people in real life, they are not really a match made in heaven, yet they stick up for each other as circumstances pervail. However, as they grow older, tests on their relaionship come one after the other. And the viewers are taken on a rollercoaster of the ups and downs of their respective lives, and how their positions revert accordingly. The ultimate chilling ending comes in the form of voice-over commentary on the chilling revelations of the truth of mina's relationships with a lot of people and how human relationships are really like a lot of the times. The stunning and touching performance of Romane Bohringer alone will be worthwhile. The somewhat bizarre atmosphere about the whole movie is also notewhile.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000002NJS', u"Madonna has decided to change yet again.  Bjork wrote &quot;Bedtime Stories,&quot; the title track of her last album, and she's now on the electronic tip. (She even repeats the &quot;traveling,traveling&quot; refrain from that song on this album. She wants to be the innovative-hippy-computer-loving-mommy Bjork is; she almost succeeds)  Producer William Orbit (get his &quot;Strange Cargo&quot; discs) should have his name on the front with Madonna's name in small print as the guest star w/ a capital S (and a capital M, if she got her way), but that is not how it works.  She is trying; she has her people mine the seams of underground culture, and she modifies those trends and brings them to her record buying people...a regular Eva Peron. Despite myself, I really like this album, and I hope she sticks with this persona for a while.  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; sounds like Pet Shop Boys from the early 80's, but since they have had no American success since &quot;West End Girls,&quot; I don't mind that Madonna steals a little of their thunder.  I think that a very smart business woman made a very smart business decision, and comes out all the better for it.  This disc displays the best she has ever had to offer. (If you want to hear the inspiration for this get &quot;Very&quot; by the Pet Shop Boys and &quot;Debut&quot; by Bjork.  They kick it old style)  Madonna steals from impecable sources and has more fun doing it than she ever has."))
(4.0, (u'B000002X4J', u"The Freshman effort from the East Lansing, MI band.  (Sound like a proper review yet?) Any way - I have enjoyed this album for a good long time, and I still hear something new each time I give it a spin. You know people who are telling you about bands that are great, but have not been signed yet?  That's all I was told when I first heard this album.  It's fresh, clean and most importantly, fun!  Brian Vanderark's words have been discribed as 'haunting' but I think that clearly this guy just takes the time to make sure the words say something.  All you have to do is look at the song titles to see that.  Acting As Your Slave - Why does this song remind me of so many failed relationships?  And even if you liked Vanalla Ice, you can't avoid the humor as they poke fun at 'pop' stars in the title track.  Ok, so your not into heavy meaning in your lirics, well there is still somthing for you on I've Suffered A Head... All by it self, even if you only are aware of VP's 'Freshman' single - this album is a primer for rock and pop lovers across the world.  I put this album on my list of 'CD's to take along if stranded on a desert island' list in 1993.  (when in state wide release)  If you like music that is better than basement band rock-junk while not being corprate rock - you'll enjoy this EP.  If you like rock, classic rock and/or the Beatle's there is somthing for you to like."))
(4.0, (u'B000007NDA', u"&quot;One Week&quot; has to be one of the best songs I have heard in the last 2-3 years.  This piece moves along at a nice clip, yet manages to slow down at the appropriate time to allow the listener to take a breather.  The lyrics are catchy yet strangely thought provoking.  The cultural references are wonderful - especially to any children of the '80's (how many people can claim seeing &quot;Frantic&quot; in the theater?)  You almost have to do a little searching around to understand such references as &quot;Wosabe&quot; and &quot;Tantric&quot;, which I personally find to be the halmark of any great song.  The music is upbeat without being too drool and medeocre.  All in all, if the rest of the album is anything like this song, it'll be a must buy for any music fan."))
(4.0, (u'B000000ZSY', u"I can't believe that I am the first to review such a great album.  Black Moon has to be one of the best contemporary albums to have hit the scene in the first third of the nineties.  with beats that hit youhard and lyrics that jingled in your head, the influence of the moon is still evident with me today.As a testament to how much I enjoyed this album, I have bought the tape, CD, and Vinyl.  (of course the tape broke, the CD became unplayable after a few days in my bookbag.)If you do not have this album, please, please, buy it."))
(4.0, (u'B000WTTC5I', u'I am giving &quot;Chronicles&quot; four stars, not for the songs it contains, which are all worthy, but for those it doesn\'t contain.  Some of Rush\'s best songs were overlooked in favor of the more commercial tunes like &quot;Tom Sawyer,&quot; which is almost a cliche.  If one wants a true look at Rush and their music, it is necessary to delve into individual studio albums.  For example, see &quot;Permanent Waves&quot; or the classic &quot;Moving Pictures&quot; for a real taste of what makes Rush a phenomenal guitar rock group (tracks of note: &quot;Natural Science&quot; on &quot;Permanent Waves&quot; and &quot;YYZ&quot; and &quot;Vital Signs&quot; on &quot;Moving Pictures&quot;).  Sample &quot;2112&quot; or &quot;A Farewell to Kings&quot; for a look at their mastery of the concept/epic album and (Rush fans don\'t hate me for using this term) art rock.  Explore &quot;Power Windows,&quot; &quot;Signals&quot; and &quot;Hold Your Fire&quot; for extraordinarily thought-provoking lyrics and a mellower (yet still rocking) tone.  The upshot of this review is that, in my understanding, the record label not the band selected the songs that appear on this album.  Thus, these are the songs the label deemed commercially enticing.  In doing this, many superior songs were overlooked in favor of those that would sell records.  This album is a great introduction to Rush and the music of their various eras.  For the serious fan, "Chronicles" is a must-have to complete a collection.  However, as noted before, there is much more to Rush than this compilation indicates.  After becoming acquainted with Rush, dare to explore their studio albums in depth.  You will not be disappointed.'))
(4.0, (u'6302737931', u"Those of us who grew up in the late 60's might remember a syndicated English-dubbed Japanese series that featured a red-and-silver giant battling equally-large monsters. The giant was ULTRAMAN.This tape features a made-for-TV animated movie made in cooperation with Hanna-Barbara, the studio that gave us everything from The Flintstones to Scooby-Doo to Yogi Bear. Here three American stunt pilots merge with 3 extraterrestrial defenders to help save Earth from the invading Sorkan monsters.With voices including Stacey Keach, Sr., Adrienne Barbeau, and Chad Everett, this feature gives classic Ultra-action with a definite American flavor. There are some pacing difficulties, including some scenes that seem to be shoved in at the last minute and obvious &quot;pauses for a commercial break,&quot; but the story is still pure Ultraman.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000000WCM', u"This is a great compilation, and an excellent introduction to Iggy's music both solo and with the Stooges. Most of his solo ventures were incoherent and major letdowns. What this C.D.  does is collects the best tracks off of those albums and includes a couple of the Stooges  more memorable songs. I Wanna Be Your Dog, No Fun, Search &amp; Destroy, Gimme Danger, NightClubbing, China Girl, and of course  ForLife are just some of the standouts. Overall, if you ever wanted to know what the hype was all about, or if your a fan, buy it. P.S.- One problem though, Iggy has always done well by himself, but all of his fans know his best stuff was with the Stooges. So why then don't they throw out some of the weaker songs here ( there's a couple ) and include some more of the gems off 'FunHouse' and 'Raw Power'. They could easily fit three more tracks here and sustitute two of the worst solo songs with some Stooges stuff. Better yet, screw that, have a 'Best of the Stooges' album put out. Better yet, screw that even, have a 'Stooges' box set. You could include all three studio albums and include the great 'Rough Power'. Ahhh, if only I ran a record company."))
(4.0, (u'B000001843', u"The songs in this album are some of the few that have well writen, smart, fun lyrics.  Some of the songs are comentaries on the &quot;curent&quot; events and are almost the musical equivilant of political cartoons. My favorits are &quot;John birch society&quot;, &quot;James james Morrison Morrison&quot;  and &quot;Last night I had the strangest dream&quot;.  I think a lot of people get turned off by the words &quot;folk music&quot; but then most of them don't have much experiance with it. The first time I heard on of their songs I fell off the couch laughing! If you come across the album &quot;a mighty day on campus&quot; it is even better than this one. (P.S. I'm 17 and listen to folk music on a record player, there may be hope yet.)"))
(4.0, (u'B000007NAW', u"+AH4-Yes, &quot;DiM&quot; is very agressive. Yes, there are moments here that would make &quot;Postmortem&quot; seem like a kid's x-mas song. But what there are two major elements lacking in this release -  GOOD SONGS and EVIL LYRICS! It seems that slayers spent too much time thinking up the cool riffs and solos, so they forgot to make a single song that listeners can remember after 5 minutes. The lyrics, too, are very intelligent and very thought provoking... But do not expect to find there any good+AH4-+AH4- old unholiness or insanity (like &quot;Gemini&quot;). No, nothing of that - Slayer is now a &quot;mature and intelligent&quot; band! Sad. Worth a listen anyway, though, just for the pureness of its agression+AH4-"))
(4.0, (u'B0000025RA', u"This was the first album Heart put out that really got me interested in the band; after hearing this, I went out and bought all of their earlier records. While there are some weak tracks here (Fast Times, Bright Light Girl), it is also a last hurrah for the original band (minus Roger Fisher) and they are at full throttle. Ann's voice really whoops (Perfect Stranger), their songwriting is sharp and on-target (Angels) like their earlier records, and some of the arrangements are unlike anything they've done before (This Man Is Mine, the title track). This will always be my favorite Heart record and I'll always be bummed out that they really started to sound bad after Private Audition, even though all their biggest hits came afterward. With a few exceptions (Never, There's the Girl, Who Will You Run To), most of their ensuing work is sappy or goofy, and missing the earlier edge."))
(4.0, (u'0767805267', u"From now on, I'm going to stop reading what the so-called &quot;movie critics&quot; have to say. They're the reason I didn't see this movie in the theater, and now I really regret it.  The impressive special effects came through even on my television set, but they were just icing.  I'm not a big fan of Bruce Willis in &quot;action-hero&quot; mode, but his was a wonderful, 3-dimensional performance. He didn't spout smart-alecky quips while blowing away his enemies; he panicked, he got exasperated, he was funny and human! Milla Jovovich (spelling?) was fascinating as the bizarre and complex &quot;supreme being.&quot; Gary Oldman, the priest and every supporting character did excellent work. The evocative music enhanced every scene. I especially enjoyed the quirky sense of humor and attention to detail throughout the movie. The beginning scene in Egypt dragged a bit, but once the plot moved forward into the future, I was completely captivated until the end. Maybe the critics only like movies that they can fit into neat categories: The Fifth Element defies easy labels and has a personality all its own.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B00000062J', u"I was given this disc two years ago as a birthday present, and have yet to tire of it.  Big Noise is a compilation that came out of London's &quot;Mambo Inn&quot; - a dance/performance space that was one of the first to foray into the now familiar territory of artists such as Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Baaba Maal.  Remixes of African, Brazilian, and Middle eastern music with a dance flair are executed brilliantly across all the selections on this disc.  This is one that you will get inevitable &quot;Where did you FIND this MUSIC?&quot; questions - everyone I have played this for falls instantly in love with it."))
(4.0, (u'B000007QQL', u"The compilation Beautiful Maladies, chosen by Waits himself, does its best to present some of the more interesting music being produced by this key artist of the 20th century.  Comprising songs from his seven Island releases, it features Waits' singular artistry at combining everything from blues to jazz to Harry Partch-inspired experimentalism.  Waits' vocals might take some time to get used to, but after some time one begins to realize the full effect of his individualistic voice as being the essential ingredient of his music - indeed, his voice expresses what his potently poetic lyrics cannot. Truthfully,  you don't even have to know what words he's singing - the meaning is in the voice. However, no single CD could accurately capture the full range of his powerful music, so, at times, this CD seems Cliffs Notes, at best.  If purchased in tandem with his 1985 release &quot;Rain Dogs&quot;, a listener would be guaranteed to be hearing one of the most continually interesting and vibrant musicians of the past few decades in music."))
(4.0, (u'B000003BVK', u"Having listened to the Original London cast recording till it wore out, I was delighted to obtain the complete symphonic recording of Les Mis. My only gripe (and I agree wholly with other reviewers) is the integration of different nationalities singing together. As with different versions, you have to get accustomed to different singers and their 'portrayal' of their character. For many reasons I do indeed prefer the Original LCR, and one of the reasons for this is that the singers all sing in the one accent, ie, British. The problem with the CSR is that it mixes American with British (Australian is very similar to British, in my opinion). I find that the American artists are very different with the British and vice versa. Their voices grate, sound tinny or nasel-ly. Call me biased, but that's how I see it.I think the idea to unite different artists worldwide for this recording was a wonderful idea, especially in selecting Michael Ball (who is the only Marius to me), Anthony Warlow, Philip Quast (who created and gave oomph to these characters, respectively), etc. I'm sorry to say but the American artists don't fit well with the other artists. That is my one gripe with the recording. Especially Tracey Shayne or Garry Morris. (I personally find it hard to believe that the producers thought these two were the cream of the crop for this recording.)Other than this 'flaw', I must say that I loved this recording of Les Mis. I'm a big fan of the musical, and the numbers are especially memorable. Pat on the back for the producers of this 'must-have' recording of Les Mis."))
(4.0, (u'B0000065VU', u"Nick caught a good groove with The Impossible Bird and he's sticking with it.  Ther are some fabulous songs on this CD -- High on a Hilltop, Lonesome Reverie, What Lack of Love has Done, and Faithless Lover stand out as some of his best tunes ever (nearly thirty years counting Brinsley Schwartz). However, I always fast forward Freezing and You Inspire Me.  Nick performs slow tracks very well (Shelly My Love, The Beast in Me) but these lack that edge.If you're thinking of buying a Nick CD, start with Impossible Bird, The Rose of England, Pure Pop for Now People (his best), and Rockpile's Seconds of Pleasure."))
(4.0, (u'B000008USI', u"Ah yes, the crows are an excellent live band.  I speak from some experience having seen them personally 4 times.  I don't have this cd yet, since it's not out as I write this, but I understand one disc is the &quot;MTV-Live @ the 10-spot&quot; concert and the other is the &quot;VH-1 Storytellers&quot; concert, both of which I saw.  Acoustic is nice for an occasional change (i.e. &quot;Storytellers&quot;), but the MTV show (a regular concert from New York, the last date on their tour w/ the Wallflowers I assume) is the real Crows.  This is a group that absolutely does not try to copy the studio album versions of their songs on stage.  This is mostly due to Duritz's stylings.  Most people I talk to (fair-weather fans) who hear a live Crows recording complain that Duritz just screws the songs up so much, but I'll tell you what I tell them: just listen a few times and you may find yourself liking the live versions better.  Why, you may ask, did I give only 4 stars?  Well, I've heard many a bootleg or import live CD of the Crows, and this is not quite the best.  If you can find it, a live album titled Children In Bloom (came out way before &quot;Satellites&quot;) from Rome is the best I've heard. I anticipate somewhat better mixing on this album though, given it's an official effort which was most likely recorded as multi-tracks and mixed later as opposed to a microphone or direct mixing-board feed.  At any rate, if you think you're not getting anything new on a live album, that is not so in the case of the Counting Crows"))
(4.0, (u'B000006OJF', u"The JAMC have always been a difficult band to catagorize.  Have they ever realized the promise of their first two albums (esp. Darklands)?  Did they lose their soul during the bush years (Automatic &amp; Honey's Dead)?  Or are they a tribute  to the power of three cords (Stoned and Dethroned).  Surprise!  They're all this and more. For two guys in their late thirties this is an album that demands to be heard and is their most rephreshing work in six years.  Rock n' Roll bookends encase a confident mix of work that meshes Darklands and Honey's Dead into a solid stew.  &quot;i loverocknroll&quot; is a truly great tune and  the tounge in cheek work on moetucker shows that they can still poke fun at themselves.  Maybe they lost some of their soul in the early 90's but the JAMC have recaptured more spirit and spunk than any of their erstwhile rivals.  Pick it up."))
(4.0, (u'B0000047D3', u"For the age of the recording, the sound quality is extremely good (as you can listen to here). The CD runs about 45 minutes, but only the first six songs are the complete studio recording as it was meant to be heard. On song seven (as you can see), you begin to hear different variations of the first six songs. Songs seven through thirteen are complete, and then the remainder are just second-long blips -- false starts, some conversation (which can be interesting), and various beginnings that they experimented with. The longest of these is about 50 seconds, and many are only 12 to 14 seconds -- the majority of the CD is, of course, the first 13 complete songs. So, the CD has a very complete feeling from the start, yes, but be aware how it trails off. You buy the CD for the first six songs and the next variations on those songs, though. You won't be disappointed."))
(4.0, (u'B00000250S', u"This is a collection of hits of the underground group of the 60's &amp; 70's that successfully survives the test of time.  One listen to the cut I love the best, Fresh Garbage, can get you hooked (and the message is still needed TODAY!).  Guitar and drum solos on most cuts point to the groups jazz leanings, but the messages and harmony are pure rock.  Other cuts that have a wide appeal are &quot;I Got a Line on You&quot; and &quot;Uncle Jack&quot;.  The only disappointing aspect of this album is that it misses some of the versatility of the group that is evident on lesser cuts on other CDs.  If you like a mix of jazz and rock with a message, try this one out."))
(4.0, (u'B000002LR6', u"I slotted the disc, punched track 5 and spun it. The sound reached in through my head and  grabbed my aorta. My feet moved of themselves, my body spasmed. I shimmied about the room, bouncing off walls, chairs and tables. I picked up the chairs and tables and bounced them off the walls. I retrieved the chairs and used them to smash the tables and walls. My upstairs neighbor came to inquire and I'm like &quot;Uhhhhh, have a listen&quot;. This young nursing coed at the local Lutheran college had complained of my music in the past, but today she did a sort of full-body throbthrobthrob, flushed bright red and flung herself at my legs, bringing me down atop her. She called her mom and I did her too. Now we're all spiritually bonded in the name of the goddess Yolanda Regia Putrescia. We have felt the Change and know that all must feel it."))
(4.0, (u'B000003P30', u"Warren Zevon has consistently been artist on the edge of major commercial success with an extremely loyal fan base.  &quot;Transverse City&quot; is not a concept album per se, but there is a common re-occurring theme in a majority of the titles. The state of modern culture and attitudes against the back drop of the urban sprall, specificaly, Los Angelos. Not the angry, emotional message of poverty and decay that has become so common place today, rather a rational observation that transcendes lines of social status.  The title track, &quot;Transverse City&quot; depicts a picture of lost spiritualism, fading individuality and wanning value of life.  &quot;Turbulence&quot; pictures the changing state of the world political scene.  &quot;Slendid Isolation&quot; - Catchy music with lyrics about the vice of isolating oneself from society.  &quot;Networking&quot; - Another catchy tune with lyrics peppered with amusing puns about computers and telecommunications.  &quot;Gridlock&quot; - The frustrations of modern traffic.  &quot;Down in the Mall&quot; - Good music with a clever observation about hunter-gather patterns relocated to the modern mall scene.  Overall an outstanding album, no single song jumps out at you as an instant hit. This is an album that grows on you, you'll go back and listen to it again and again.  A MUST FOR WARREN ZEVON FANS!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000060ES', u"Varese Sarabande has put together an excellent compilation and should help hold over Titanic music fans until James Horner's 2nd Titanic Album arrives in September.  The album has a number of instrumental tracks to the James Cameron movie as well as music from the Broadway show, the TV Miniseries from '96 (starring Catherine Zeta Jones), the 1958 British Film &quot;A Night to Remember&quot;, and the 1953 Hollywood Film (starring Clifton Webb and Barbara Stanwyck).  Even if one has only seen the recent movie, the soundtrack is worthwhile to add to your collection especially if one likes movie instrumental music and Titanic in particular.  There are excellent full orchestra versions of the rousing &quot;Southhampton&quot; and &quot;My Heart Will Go On.&quot;  There is also an excellent piano version of &quot;Rose's Theme&quot; and an excellent old fashioned dance waltz of &quot;Rose&quot;...&quot;A Life So Changed&quot; is my favorite - the inspiring message of living and thriving after the death of a loved one is very poignant...Other tracks are excellent: &quot;Nearer My God to Thee&quot; is sad and elegiac while Lennie Niehaus's &quot;Titanic&quot; is atmospheric and moody...Overall, a very good instrumental album; worth buying!"))
(4.0, (u'080019344X', u"THE MYTH OF FINGERPRINTS follows the grand tradition of ORDINARY PEOPLE and, more recently, THE ICE STORM, in dissecting family relations, jealousies, hatreds, and closely-held secrets.  While many characters and situations work, the focus ends up unclear; we are never quite sure what we're supposed to feel, as the characters themselves come across as mostly weak and not all that likeable.  The actors fight gamely.  Though Roy Scheider is as cold and remote as the winter setting, Blythe Danner and Noah Wyle are uniformly excellent.  Overall worth watching but I look forward to director Bart Freundlich's next effort even more.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000002V21', u"There is a contingent of people (exemplified most clearly in my mind by the bulk of the 4ad-l e-mail listies) who haughtily &quot;pooh-pooh&quot; Four Calendar Cafe, mainly it seems because you can understand Liz's lyrics. On a certain level, I can understand an intolerance for lines like &quot;Are you the right man for me?/Or are you toxic for me?&quot;, but the lyrics are still not the point. Hereby declaring myself a *true* Cocteau Twins fan, and separate from that snooty 'purist' bandwagon, I can hear that, and still even sing along with the corniest of Liz's warblings, because it's so GOOD! This album has a breezy, gentle feel to it, typified by the twangy-blue guitar sound Robin utilizes uniquely on this album; a sound of pure *love*, and of being lifted up through the clouds by it..."))
(4.0, (u'B0000017HQ', u"Most of this record was produced by Lewis Martinee who produced hits for Expose (Point of No Return, Come Go With Me) and Pet Shop Boys (Domino Dancing).  &quot;I Want You&quot; totally captures the 80s electronic spirit of mixing a drum machine tick beat with very honest, pleading vocals typical of freestyle songs.  Most of this album is very good.  A few tracks suck.  I don't know what Shana is up to these days.  I few years ago I happened to stop by Vision Records in Miami and there everyone said they had lost track of her.  This is not an r&amp;b record as this site may say; this is pure Miami-styled freestyle, very different than a lot of the Puerto Rican styled freestyle that was coming out NYC at that time; a little more house or four-to-the-floor oriented."))
(4.0, (u'B0000019TU', u"I believe this was the group's first album.  It was originally released in the 70's but the every song still holds up today.  If you like tight harmonies, and the sound of acoustic guitars, you will like this album.  The lyrics of each song touch upon love or heartbreak experienced on the islands.Although the group is from Hawaii, I don't know if you could categorize this album as Hawaiian music.  There are no traces of a ukelele.  Instead, imagine going into a local bar and sitting down with a mug of your favorite brew.  A band, dressed casually, goes up on stage and starts playing... and suddenly, you are in paradise."))
(4.0, (u'B000002U8E', u'The follow-up to THE GOLDEN AGE OF WIRELESS, Dolby comes back to the faithful with this second album.  Its a good album with a solid hit in HYPERACTIVE with the rest of the album being different in tone, much as the differences between SHE BLINDED ME WITH SCIENCE and its role on THE GOLDEN AGE OF WIRELESS.  Much as people think that all Dolby could produce was pop as was SCIENCE, the rest of the album was vastly different.  This holds true for this album too.  HYPERACTIVE may have that techno-pop feel to it, but the rest of the album almost has a blue mood flavor to it.  Somewhat smoother, a bit more mellow, THE FLAT EARTH is not typified by its pop hit (HYPERACTIVE).  Dolby shows his flair for music and mixes in a myriad of voices that lend itself to the music and drive you through the songs, as if on a voyage led by Dolby to places you dream about.  The use of Peter Thoms and his trombone expertise is truly wonderful, the slides of notes throughout HYPERACTIVE and SCA! ! RE MYSELF give each tune a flavor that is individual but complementary to the feel of the album.  A good work that will take you on a trip worth making.'))
(4.0, (u'6304718683', u"Thomas Dolby goes back to the production booth cranking out another album for something other than himself.  As he did with the musical score for the movie GOTHIC, Dolby produces an album for a new medium, this being a computer game.  THE GATE TO THE MIND'S EYE is a game that I cannot say that I have played, but the soundtrack for it stands on its own as a great piece of Dolby's work.  He brings in the wonderfully beautiful and talented astrophysicist Dr. Fiorella Terenzi to assist with the vocals on this album with the lead in N.E.O. and Quantum Mechanic.  The tone of this album has a futuristic feel to it, but not too much utopia or dark feeling to it.  A blend of the two, creating an atmosphere that can sound a little pop and yet maintaining a style that is classic Dolby.  Fans of THE GOLDEN AGE OF WIRELESS will notice that Dolby doesn't follow the &quot;She Blinded Me With Science&quot; genre, but develops that album in many ways.  The same holds true with this one,! !  its very diverse but still has a central feeling from this composer.  His musical style shines through and keeps you wanting for more, which he obliges with other albums from the FLAT EARTH house."))
(4.0, (u'B000002J3K', u"As a big fan of both Phantom and Sweeny Todd, I truly appreciated the dark melodies in this musical.  Anthony Warlow basically blew me away with the art he put into making each voice distict and alive (no pun intended, for those who have seen it.  The only downfalls were those who sang Lisa and Sir Danvers; they seemed to lack the richness and power that made this a good recording, and left me skipping the songs that they were in.  As a performer myself, I think the casters could have done better.  But, overall, the underlying power and blatant talent in this musical totally comes through in this recording, and has definitely made it one of my favorite musicals.  Can't wait for the show to come to SF!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002US8', u'&quot;The Crying Game&quot; is Boy George chortling about the misery of love.  It is produced by the Pet Shop Boys and sounds like their stuff; you can even hear PSB singer Neil Tennent in the background whispering &quot;Kisses.&quot;  &quot;Live For Today&quot; is in two forms; one disco-y and one like a gospel organ number.  It is by the hamfisted Pet Shop Boys protege Cicero (the first artist on their now-defunct Spaghetti label).  You get the original version of &quot;When A Man Loves A Woman&quot; (which opened the film) and a Lyle Lovett version of &quot;Stand By Your Man.&quot;  There is also the original version of &quot;The Crying Game&quot; and a song called &quot;White Cliffs of Dover&quot; which are both sort sad 60s songs that sound like they were filtered through a tube compressor or something (they sound old!!)'))
(4.0, (u'B0000046JZ', u"This CD was somewhat done in the way that record companies used to release soundtracks; most of it is instrumental music played throughout the movie instead of cameo featured hits by artists who were too lazy to make a record that year.  It's nice music; the movie was spectacular.  There are two very nice songs on this CD, both sung by Luz Casal.  One is a very sensual Un Ano De Amor (A Year of Love).  The other is also very sultry, Piensa En Mi (Think of Me).  They pretty much make the CD a worthwhile buy.  If you like lounge music with a Spanish flare then you will like these songs.  There is also a funny little euro disco instrumental that is kind of cool."))
(4.0, (u'B000001A6X', u"Why this album is praised to the hilt over Innervisions or Talking Book, baffles me!  Songs In the Key of Life is probably the most overrated of all Stevie's albums.  When I first started collecting Stevie's work, this was the first I had.  When I first heard it, I thought It was the best until I picked up Talking Book, then Innervisions.  After I heard those two albums, I came to the conclusion that Songs In the Key Of Life just doesn't compare.  Still, Songs In the Key Of Life contains some of the greatest work by one of the greatest singers/songwriters/producers of all time.  It's only faults are that Stevie takes typical three minute songs and draws them out to six minutes or more!  Songs like &quot;Sir Duke&quot;, &quot;I Wish&quot;, &quot;Knocks Me Off My Feet&quot;, &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot;, &quot;I Am Singing&quot;, &quot;All Day Sucker&quot;, &quot;Ebony Eyes&quot;, and a few other okay songs, save the album.  Today, I don't listen to Songs In the Key Of Li! ! fe all the way through.  Instead I have a cassette master of the album, where I weed out and edit all the long or unwanted songs.Peace El-715"))
(4.0, (u'B00006BC5K', u"Ian Hunter's solo albums have frequently been hit or miss affairs. I'm happy to report that Ian't lastest album is an outstanding return to form. Like IAN HUNTER, ALL AMERICAN ALIEN BOY and YOU'RE NEVER ALONE..., this album still showcases Ian's Dylan influences filtered through Hunter's unique, &quot;shaded&quot; view of life.RESURRECTION MARY is probably the most Dylan influenced(think BLOOD ON THE TRACKS)and also one of the outstanding songs on the album. Of the eleven tracks, only the title song is weak. It comes off as a pale imitation of other Hunter rockers(i.e., I GET SO EXCITED, JUST ANOTHER NIGHT, ETC.)And while Ian's voice is rougher and less well defined than in previous years, it has added character that brings many of the albums ballads to life. Ian's singing here reflects the dry mixture of cyncism and compassion that is reflected in many of his contempoaries(Mark Knopfler, Bob Dylan)latest work, but with the Hunter trademark of hopefullness in a we! ! ary and dark world.Ian's tribute to frequent collaborator Mick Ronson is both touching and true.A fine return to form for Ian Hunter and an album that bodes well for Ian's future growth as an artist."))
(4.0, (u'B000003MSN', u"This might be the best release of 1998 that you've never heard.  People like to compare these guys to early REM, but really they are more of a guitar band, not as sparce sounding as REM was back in the 80's.  This album is very guitar heavy and extremely loud, yet it still has a very innocent feel, mainly do to the country influence that creeps into just about all the songs.  Lyrically they remind me of Tori Amos, in that you are lucky if you can make sense of two to three lines in each song, yet those lines set the tone for the entire song.  The lyrics certainly make the songs all the more interesting.  Singer John Crooke sounds like he's been around and experienced a lot in life.  &quot;Life&quot; is pretty much what these songs are about.  Take a listen to &quot;Pensacola&quot; and you will be hooked on Jolene for sure.  Also, the production on this album is top notch.  It has a very glossy feel to it, yet it never loses intensity."))
(4.0, (u'B000007TE8', u"Once again the Beasties put out something different. Who would ever expect a group that started out as a teenage joke would become one of the most influential and original bands in America.  The maturing jokesters of the 80s continue to grow musically which could possibly start to turn off younger fans. Surprisingly, several tracks on the new album have more depth and (believe it or not) actual singing.  Don't get me wrong, there is still plenty of juvenile fun here, but with songs like &quot;Picture this, Song for Junior and I don't know&quot;, respect for &quot;the boys&quot; will continue to grow."))
(4.0, (u'B000002L12', u"I've been listening to &quot;Sister Sweetly&quot; for the past few days, and have yet to grow tired of it.  You'll love this album if you are at all into rock/blues/soul. Passionate emotions are combined with catchy, sometimes hypnotizing melodies. &quot;Bittersweet,&quot; probably the most well-known song by this little-known band, is as the title suggests, and powerfully emotional. &quot;Circle&quot; is both a passionate plea (&quot;I'm asking you to turn around&quot;), and a thought-provoking statement about life in general (&quot;Rise and fall, turn the wheel, cause all life is is really just a circle&quot;). &quot;Ellis Island&quot; surprises you with its melodic twists and turns. &quot;Tomorrow Never Comes&quot; may be my favorite. It is quiet, haunting, beautiful even, with its soft percussion, quiet piano riff, and masterful and emotional vocals. Passionate and soulful, this is Big Head Todd at their best.  I very much recommend it."))
(4.0, (u'B000009CS3', u"I didn't know exactly what to expect when I got this disc.  I was hoping for something a bit heavier but once I had listened to it I realized it was really well crafted.  The songs all have a great hook to them.  The lyrics are nothing spectacular but they are fun - something that is missing from quite a bit of today's music.There are some slower songs on the disc that I don't care for; that's not what Night Ranger is best at.  But usually the slow songs have more success than the heavier stuff.Highlights include Panic in Jane, Revelation, Peace Sign, Sign of the Times and Sea of Love.Overall, it's worth the money to get a cd that is fun to listen to that you can sing along with as you drive down the road or work around the house."))
(4.0, (u'B000009DI2', u"EVERYBODY'S IN SHOWBIZ always seemed to lack the focus and depth of MUSWELL HILLBILLIES, ARTHUR and VILLAGE GREEN. But, whatever it lacked in depth was made up for in spades with tuneful, interesting songs that ran the spectrum of the Kinks &quot;sound&quot;.Of particular interest is the detailed linear notes that display both a fondness for the music, as well as a fan's interest in and criticism of the music.The two bonus tracks are both good selections, although, with the running time around 74 minutes, it is surprising that YOU'RE LOOKING FINE from the Limited Edition DJ copy wasn't also included on this disc. While the vocals for YOU'RE LOOKING FINE were a bit ragged, the  playing and general performance is up to the standard of the rest of the live material that was originally issued on the second LP when this was released in 1972.Since there is bound to be more material from the concert recorded for the second half of the cd, it would be nice to see it i! ! ssued as a rarities disc in the near future once Konk/Velvel reissue the remainder of the Kinks catalog.TILL THE END OF THE DAY and PRINCESS MARINA both give the live disc here(along with other selections from ARTHUR and earlier Kinks classics) a more well rounded, comprehensive feel compared to the later disc ONE FOR THE ROAD.A flawed, but perfectly enjoyable album with moments of greatness and the Davies' magic touch that captured the feelings of the common person.Highly recommended."))
(4.0, (u'B000007NEO', u"While this album is not flawless as others have been quick to judge, it remains an engrossing and amazing debut album from the C-N-N member. Many of the tracks feature bizarre and hypnotizing beats, but several tracks such as 'n.o.r.e,' 'the assignment,' 'banned from t.v,' 'da story,' 'esta loca,' and 'body in da trunk' exemplify noreaga's unique rhyme style that takes several diligent listens to register completely. The big surprises here are the subtly amazing 'Superthug,' which gets the adrenaline flowing fast, and the horrific 'Fiesta,' which is a testament to the kind of garbage that the trackmasters, poke and tone, can release if they revert to their sorry party beats."))
(4.0, (u'B000003BAO', u"Anyone who knows me will vouch to the fact that Eddie Costa was someone I truly felt would have been a key figure in the progression of the music we love, jazz. Eddie has not left us with much in the way of recordings, most of which have become rare and collectors pieces, but the little left behind clearly enables us to listen to this artist and gauge where he'd be had his music progressed. This album has been reissued by V.S.O.P. records. With the exception of Art Farmer and Nick Stabilius on drums in place of Paul Motian, I had the distinct pleasure of seeing this same group perform a number of times on Sunday afternoons at a small club in Kew Gardens in Queens New York. Although not exhibited that much on this CD, Eddie would solo on piano and go deep into the base notes of the keyboard and explore such imaginative lines while conjuring up some choppy and well though out improvisations in an area of the instrument no one ever explored with such vigor before. Like Boo! ! ker Little, Clifford Brown and many other young players destined to change the music, Eddie was taken from us too soon. We could only imagine what his contributions would be had he lived. Get out of the road, is a Phil Woods line that has some good solo lines by Woods, Costa and Farmer. Listening to this, you get a semblance of where Phil was headed with his pen. In your own sweet way is a nice rendition of a Brubeck warhorse with an excellent example of Eddie's other instrument, Vibraphone. He played along the lines of the Milt Jackson approach, rather than the Hampton-Norvo style, but it's obvious that, here too, Eddie was going in his own direction. Art Farmer, always too underrated for me, plays a nice muted solo with Eddie doing some tasty obligato behind him. The liner notes don't state if it's Eddie dubbed in on the piano comping; my guess is that it was. Nature boy has one of Eddie's best solos on the CD. He builds and extends the ideas. However,because these were orig! ! inal LP recordings we are stuck with limited time. Not near! ly enough to give Eddie the extensions needed that would have had him explore further the capabilities of this Nat King Cole standard. Blues plus eight offers a boppish line by Costa that's a finger popper all the way. The killer piece of the album comes from Art Farmer, Stretch in &quot;F'. (based on the changes of &quot;Shout Hallelujah&quot;) Eddie takes it out after the intro and wails in the lower register that has me strongly reminiscing for those Sunday Afternoons back in Kew Gardens Queens, New York once more."))
(4.0, (u'B000000OSL', u"This is one of my favorite albums. Ian Cranna's review is way off the mark.This is like saying that Bartok's &quot;Concerto for Orchestra&quot; is bad because the notes aren't all in the same key. Or something by John Coltrane or Miles Davis is bad because some of the notes are squeaky.All the liberties taken with key and rhythm are justified to my ear.The musicality of these songs is enhanced by Ricky Lee's freedom in interpretation. She is having so much fun, it is infectious.The audio clips do not do the songs justice.  The overall arc of each song is masterful, and really adds a great deal. I am often compelled listen to &quot;Dat Der&quot; several times because it is just so much fun. You don't get that sense from the clip offered.This is great stuff!"))
(4.0, (u'B000009E8I', u"This is the second album from the San Francisco based swing sextet, featuring their new line-up (permanent guitarist, and a new drummer and upright bass player). Although I miss some of the more energeic covers that graced their first album, this is still a teriffic effort, with original standouts &quot;Regular Joe&quot; (played with the Bill Elliot Swing Orchestra) &quot;What's the Matter Baby&quot; and &quot;How Lucky.&quot;  And they finally found a space for their perennial personal number, &quot;Baron Plays the Horses,&quot; written about their sax player (the musical backbone of the band). Johnny Boyd still has the best singing voice in swing jazz, embarassing just about every other band's front man -- just compare him to the intolerable screech of &quot;Cherry Poppin's Daddies&quot; and you'll realize what a sublime pleasure a practiced, unified jazz band can be."))
(4.0, (u'B000002IWQ', u"You have to ask yourself why, in 1998, there are so many dedicated fans of a supposedly over-the-hill rock band. Are these people just obsessed, or is there really something to love here?The former is somewhat true, but I think it's the latter that's the answer. Counterparts is a fine example of how a band that's been given the dubious label of &quot;classic&quot; can still kick ass in the 90's. Counterparts expertly assimilates a bit of alternative rock rawness (but wouldn't quite be mistaken for it) and explores lyrical territory that is more personal and uncomfortable than where Rush has been in the past. The result demonstrates Rush's usual level of excellence and shows that they can be as cool as much younger bands.The production is maybe a little too smooth, but this is a fine album to pick up if you're interested in recent Rush."))
(4.0, (u'B000002UVQ', u"Moving with seeming ease from classics like Minnie the Moocher to the incredibly danceable Mambo Swing this release from BBVD marks a high standard in the swing revival. The singer, horns, strings and percussion meld together to evoke images of both the bright lit bandstand and smoky corners I imagine existed in the swing era dance clubs. Located away from meccas of the swing revival I migrated to BBVD after devouring the Squirrel Nut Zippers collection and Zoot Suit Riot from the Cherry Poppin Daddies. While BBVD can't be compared with either of those groups in a strict sense, the musicality and performing strength of this BBVD recording placed it above all others at the top of my CD play list! Grab you voodoo hats and get a cool kitty on your arm because these Daddies are SMOKIN!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002P3W', u"FYC have a great sad, melancholic but hopeful sound in their songs that comes from influences of Northern Soul, 60s records and ska and dub.  Mix that in with the click of an occasional drum machine and you have this LP.  The groups best song is not &quot;She Drives Me Crazy&quot;; they don't have a best song.  Instead there are many songs that the success of one hit seemed to obscure from public eye.  This is an English pub band that sings about drinking to escape the woes of love never found.  There is a haunting desolation to some of their songs.  And others of their songs, like &quot;She Drives Me Crazy&quot;, are pure crap."))
(4.0, (u'B000003KYE', u"this EP has the strangest mixing of any of rftc's albums, and considering how they normally mix, that says alot.  it is almost impossible to tell the horns from the guitars, the bass from the drums, or the vocals from anything.  however, it must also be said that this is an incredible collection of songs.  there is a fire theme running through most of the songs, which is appropriate considering the band sounds like they are burning up.  there is a sense of urgency to these 8 tracks which simply must be heard to believe.  overall, great songs, amazing performance.  the mixing adds to the blazing musical insanity."))
(4.0, (u'B0000009RR', u"When I first heard this, I was a little disappointed that there seemed to be no 'standout' tracks. _Hips And Makers_, good ole Kristin's other solo work so far, is studded with glorious tracks like &quot;A Loon&quot; and &quot;Me And My Charms&quot;, with mood swings and folk inclusions giving it the flavor of a compilation of sorts, but _Strange Angels_ sounded so *subdued* in comparison. Several listens later, I hear this album for what it is - wonderful. The songs don't reach out and grab you, but they ooze with so much of that charming Kristin-ness we know and love, it makes you want to reach out and hug her, while also often sending glaring question marks into your consciousness as always, with her almost wilfully abstract and abstruse lyrics. _Strange Angels_ rolls along quietly by; two songs even segue into each other so that the first few times you'll miss the song change. Although 'standouts' are not apparent, as the songs flow so seamlessly into one another, m! y faves are songs like the knowing &quot;Gut Pageant&quot; and sparkling &quot;Baseball Field&quot;. A real treat for us Hersh fans, and I can't wait for more..."))
(4.0, (u'B000001FE3', u'Breaker breaker good buddy...I generally do not enjoy country music. However, in 1980 (or so) my brother made me a tape with this album on one side and the Beach Boys Endless Summer on the other. I loved it! I listened to it ALL the time. From Washington to Minnesota and back. All summer. ALL the time. Then it wore out. Imagine how excited I am that I once again get to lose myself in these classics of the CB era.The songs are great and the lyrics are pretty satirical and funny. Some of them are just really pretty songs.I recommend it to anyone who enjoys country, or is looking for a blast from the past.'))
(4.0, (u'B000005S3U', u"If you are an average supporter of Alanis or already have the 'Little Pill' tour video, this CD probably does not justify the expense of obtaining. Find a true fan of hers and listen to their copy.  However, as Morissette mania tends to take over your soul, one cannot resist owning this imported 'unplugged' version of a half-dozen covers straight from JAGGED LITTLE PILL. There is little musical appeal and back-ground vocals on one tune are frightening (Glen Ballard? no credit given). From a pure vocal standpoint, the lyrics are both touching, as only she can be, and inspired. The songs are very similar to those filmed on some steps outside a house and shown throughout the tour video. When you are in a mellow state yet still yearn for your Alanis fix, this will do perfectly. I find it particularly soothing while burning incense and watching candles throw shadows around a dark room."))
(4.0, (u'B000007SNG', u"We all knew that Tommy was a great songwriter and performer, but now we're seeing his experimental and raw side.The first single, _Ocean_, is really good.  I also love _Straight Down the Line_, featuring the vocals of Kevin Cronin (REO Speedwagon).  It's wonderful to hear them harmonizing. It reminds me of the first time I heard Tommy and Jack Blades sing together in Damn Yankees.  Beautiful.If you're a guitar fan, there's some very nice work on this album.  Ted Nugent plays on two songs.  He takes a more reserved approach, but he still blazes at the appropriate moments.  Of course, Tommy's playing is great too.  He's more bluesy or folksy than he is with Styx.The enhanced portion of the CD is cool!  It has great photos, neat video clips, and the lyrics.  (If you don't have a CD-ROM, you may have been wondering where the lyrics were.  Well, they're _on_ the CD!)_Seven Deadly Zens_ reflects what's going on in rock music now, with sound effects before and ! during a couple of songs, and some interesting layering.  Once or twice, it sounds kinda odd, but I'm sure I just need to listen to it a few more times to get what he was really trying to do in those spots.Overall, it's an accessible album with plenty of songs to fall in love with on the first listen, but enough &quot;meat&quot; to keep me listening to it for a long time!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000026KQ', u"van halen and satriani probably play more notes in one song than beck puts in a whole album, but this is a guitarist's outing anyway and one of beck's better ones. after years of listening to this, i still play it, and think &quot;stand on it&quot; one of the best guitar romps ever done, and &quot;where were you, &quot; with its shimmering notes and other-wordly whammy bar effects, one of the best guitar ballads. beck is of course a surviving guitar god from the sixties, one of those skinny-armed brit tea bags with tinnitus, but unlike fellow titans clapton and page, who have nodded, he just gets better and better. now if only he wouldn't take ten years between albums..."))
(4.0, (u'B000002H8F', u"This album is the one that made me discover &quot;The Pixies&quot;. I can remember very well the time when I selected it with a friend at a local cd shop and how we both flashed on the violence of a song like &quot;Rock Music&quot; or at the catchy side of the incredible &quot;Velouria&quot;. And by the way, I heard that &quot;Doolitle&quot; is probably the best cd of this band. &quot;Trompe le monde&quot; is also one of the lamest that ever came of this band. Don't even ask yourself why it is their last official album. I'd also recommend the 1998 compilation &quot;Death to the Pixies&quot; to ever pop-punker in the world."))
(4.0, (u'B000002PAS', u"Being that the movie is one of my all-time favorites, I can pretty easily spot differences and glitches in the music and cinematography (if any).  Which is why I've noticed the similarities and differences between the soundtrack album and the film itself.  For example, the song &quot;Little Ol' Bitty Pissant Country Place,&quot; (in the film) there are only two main verses to the song, but in the album, there are THREE!  There is only one explanation that I can think of for this: during editing of the film for theatrical release, the ORIGINAL second verse of the song was decidely cut from the original film's negative."))
(4.0, (u'B000002L8X', u"If you appreciate guitar, and especially if you PLAY the guitar, you will love the entire EJ catalogue. These are the guys from the OTHER High School, the ones who made you decide to go get a Real Job. The low end production is sparse - as in &quot;conscice&quot; - with a tight bass and drum mix.The guitar is everything you thought you could do...if only you had the talent, the time to practice, the co-producer, and the studio. EJ could have been a neurosurgeon - he apparently chose music.The lryics would drive &quot;serious&quot; critics crazy, and EJ is a better guitarist than a poet. His words, if not in perfect pentameter, are honest. While they will never be mistaken for Peter Gabriel's ruminations, they certainly hit a chord for me - the normal guy who has played guitar since he was 5, but now sews up drunks in the ER.Martin"))
(4.0, (u'B000006O8D', u"This CD is the perfect vehicle to showcase the versatility of this rising star. Vonda's powerful vocal and instrumental talents don't disappoint! Her almost &quot;raw&quot; and definitely &quot;unleashed&quot; voice reverberates with the soulfulness of Joe Cocker, the &quot;lightening&quot; wail of Tina Turner's and the  grace of Chi Coltrane! She showcases her versatility by moving between the standard shoop-shoops like  &quot;Tell Him&quot; and &quot;It's In His Kiss&quot; to ballads like &quot;You Belong To Me&quot;, onto her bluesy yet upbeat rendition of &quot;Someone You Use&quot;. I rarely watch Ally Mcbeal and I almost never would buy a &quot;soundtrack&quot; CD but after hearing &quot;Searcin' My Soul&quot;, I HAD to hear more. My guess is that Vonda Shepard will be highly sought after and at the top of her profession whenever &quot;she&quot; chooses."))
(4.0, (u'B000002H70', u"After the increasingly poppy and accessible Head on the Door and Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me albums, Disintegration was a return to the sort of music found on Cure albums of the earlier eighties.  Initially compared to the despair of Faith, it is in fact far more varied in tone and range than that record.  A fairer comparison is with Pornography, which it resembles in atmosphere and theme.At the same time, while Disintegration ultimately falls short of Pornography in the sheer raw power of the earlier album, it is far more listenable, and would be recommended for anyone new to the band's work, or moving on from the nineties fripperies masquerading as Cure albums.  One caveat: if you just know the Cure from &quot;Mixed Up&quot;: don't even bother."))
(4.0, (u'B0000010KU', u"Though not as strong as Klaatu's first two albums, Magentalane is more cohesive and enjoyable overall than the second two, and seems almost a self-conscious sigh of raptured resignation at the end of this astoundingly creative band's all-too-brief but absolutely brilliant career. The title track and reprise especially convey a sense of homecoming and comfort therein. The quirky &quot;Mrs. Toad's Cookies&quot; hints at entire realms left unexplored by the closure of this band's efforts, and leaves us to ponder what might have been, given a more nurturing music environment. Meanwhile, the forgivably sentimental &quot;Maybe I'll Move to Mars&quot; hearkens back to the band's earliest days, when they made their mark blending early space-art rock with neogothic and sometimes quirky themes that one can almost envision, like master paintings on black velvet. A whimsical and affectionate closing statement from a band who deserved better than they got."))
(4.0, (u'B000001YCG', u"Raymond Scott composed these pieces on his own electronic instruments in the early 60s. They were packaged in three volumes, each for a different age group (e.g., Volume One is for ages 1-6 months). Each LP came with a booklet from the Gesell Institute fo Child Development, Inc. Basta has rereleased these on CD, sans booklet, with cute retro cover art.This is very strange stuff: Five pieces, ranging from four to fourteen minutes in length, of simple, repetitive, almost hypnotically bland music. It is similar in many ways to the minimalist music of Glass and others, but sweet and pleasant rather than ominous and angst-ridden.If this stuff doesn't immediately drive you up a wall, you'll probably find yourself listening to it over and over again.--Stefan Jones"))
(4.0, (u'B000002YZP', u"Anyone who went to dance clubs in the mid-to-late eighties probably discovered a lot of music at that time. Some of the popular dance club hits made their way into the charts, while others became hard to find... even to this day. This collection features some of those very hard to find club favorites. You're sure to be transported back in time when you hear them. They vary from new wave to house to early techno. Some are great, while others are not that amazing, but the great ones are well worth the price of the CD. Look for the other volumes in this series, too! There are too many fake &quot;club hits&quot; compilations out there that just try to sell you stupid radio top 40 crap and call it club hits. Notice, if you heard some of the classic club songs in the film Gross Point Blank, the idiots who handled the soundtrack CD didn't include ANY of the rarer songs on that one, so don't even bother with it. This is more like what you want."))
(4.0, (u'B00000333M', u"There are actually two box sets.  The first one goes back to the precursors of doo wop in the 1940s, and goes chronologically.  Most of the greats (and near-greats, and some not-so-greats) are included, from Earth Angel to Eddie My Love all the way up to the late '50s and a few in the 60's.  The second box set has more misses, but still many that you'll remember and love.  I wish they weren't so expensive -- about $16 per CD even though it's a set -- but the enclosed lengthy booklets (all in English so they reall are long) are fascinating, delving into various aspects of the history of individual songs and artists in particular, and the genre in general.  The re-mastering is brilliant -- eerie at first because they sound clearer and better than the originals.  Purists might find that a drawback, but the rest of us will love it:  clear as a (whispering) bell."))
(4.0, (u'0767802683', u"Though many of Julianne Potter's (Julia Roberts) efforts to win back an old boyfriend days before his impending nuptials may seem far fetched or even sociopathic, what rescues this movie from the banality of most commericial comedies is the smart writing and the expert performances.  Julia Roberts can easily lapse into blandness (see CONSPIRACY THEORY), but she does make Julianne human in spite of her selfish actions.  While we may never root for her (there is no doubt that Cameron Diaz is the truly better match for Dermot Mulroney's character), by the end, when Julianne regains her senses, we finally can feel her loss. Roberts plays the love-confession and the poignant farewell scenes so well that we may be thinking back to our own love losses with a tinge of remorse or, at least sentiment.  Kudos also to Rupert Everett, unfairly robbed of an Oscar nomination, for his brilliant, unforgettable portrayal of Julianne's surrogate best friend, George.  George seems to be th! e only voice of reason left in Julianne's life and if more movie (and real-life) friendships were this open, decent, and genuine, the world would be a better place and there would be no need for the glut of talk show deviates which populate the airwaves.  MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING bears up under repeated viewings as well; it's not Shakespeare, but it's miles above the standard Hollywood comedy.  Thank the stars.  END"))
(4.0, (u'6303943349', u"&quot;The Rescue&quot; is really pretty bad, even by the standards of the Hartnell era. The book of the same is quite good though, because it has more depth, and because you don't have to suffer through the terrible FX of the video. However, it is worth buying this 2-tape set due to the strength of &quot;The Romans&quot; alone. &quot;Romans&quot; is the only Hartnell story that was intentionally made as a comedy, and it's highly entertaining! Although most of the time you will only be amused by the slapstick and situation comedy, sometimes you will roar with laughter! It is interesting that the story is balanced with some tension, seriousness and suspense as well. Even the bloopers add to the comedy, such as when Hartnell unknowingly mispronounces &quot;Montana&quot;. This is a must-see, and one that you can watch again and again. 2-stars for &quot;The Rescue&quot;.... 4.5-stars for &quot;The Romans&quot;.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B0000067RI', u"This is one of several new releases in the &quot;trance&quot; genre -- you know: world beat meets new age.In Sharifi's debut (?), gentle synthesizer streams wash over groovy Middle-Eastern rythmns, while a series of vocalists -- ranginging from Moroccan Hassan Hakmoun to (surprise!) American Paula Cole -- sing soaring wordless melodies. Hakmoun brings his throbbing sintir to the tracks he appears on, and that adds a welcome edge.When in a mellow mood, you'll enjoy these even twelve tracks, though I doubt the CD will hold up to repeated listening.I suspect that Sharifi will be back with a more daring and interesting second release. Like Jai Uttal, who blends East-West melodies and rythms and has -- over the space of his 4 releases -- moved away from synths to real instruments, Sharifi has an interesting approach. Let's hope he makes a parallel journey."))
(4.0, (u'B000006NJK', u'After the departure of sideman instrumentalist David Galas, who contributed significantly to their previous two albums _Cold_ and _The Burning Circle And Then Dust_, Lycia are now just Mike and Tara. Tara has taken up some of the slack, although not in the same capacity; her swooning, blissful lyrics and vocals lead more than half of the songs, up from 3 on _Cold_ and just 2 on _Burning Circle_. They also demonstrate an increased stylistic range and clarity, as on the Dead Can Dance-ish &quot;Tongues&quot; and stark &quot;El Diablo&quot;. Meanwhile, Mike returns with his bare, unique single-string guitar parts, thoughtful instrumentals (&quot;Clouds In The Southern Sky&quot;, &quot;Distant Fading Star&quot;), and haunting, whispered vocals, as well as bringing back the simpler rhythmic forms of the earliest Lycia material. All in all, enrapturing and very satisfying, as only Lycia can be. Count yourself lucky, as I do, if you know and love them.'))
(4.0, (u'B000000OSG', u"Use Your Illusion 2 is part 2 of Use Your Illusion 1.  It is not as good, but is still very well done.  The remake of&quot;Knockin On Heavens Door&quot; is better than the original.  &quot;Get in The Ring&quot; is a very funny song, but very explicet, but good. The punky &quot;Shotgun Blues&quot; is  a fun song.  &quot;Breakdown&quot; is a very good song with some western noir.  &quot;Pretty Tied Up&quot; is one of the most interesting songs on the album.  It is very different.  &quot;Locamotive&quot; is a great and very interesting song.  &quot;You  Could Be Mine&quot; is a fast paced song and one of the best.  This album has some weak songs too. There is a version of &quot;Don't Cry&quot; with different lyrics,.  it is not very good.  Some more popular songs like &quot;Estranged&quot;, &quot;Civil War&quot;, and &quot;So Fine&quot; did'nt do it for me either.  But this is still a very great album from an amazing rock/metal group.  This is an essential Guns N Rose! s album, with Axel Rose's great writing and Vocal skills, Slash's amazing Guitar skills, Duff does great with backup vocals and bass, Izzy does great on the guitar and writing, Matt does good on the drums also.  This band had a world of talent.  It's a shame that they have had so many problems. But the album is great and I highly recomend it."))
(4.0, (u'B000002VN9', u"Like other albums by the Church, this is an intriguing mix of rather dark, soothing melodies and guitar lines that really cause the lyrics and ideas to seep into your brain.  The themes and words of these songs are quirky, but not really strange or too far beyond believability.  &quot;Two Places at Once,&quot; for example, is a love song that weaves speculations about multiple lives and the reality of deja vu with the simple sincerity of the chorus' &quot;I've been waiting/Seems like eternity/I've been waiting/Waiting for you.&quot;  &quot;Sometime Anywhere&quot; further explores the Church's ability to keep a sort-of-1980s pop style alive through creative writing and composition techniques--this album will still be great ten years from now."))
(4.0, (u'B000007Q7L', u"If you liked Del's final album (&quot;Rock On&quot;) which gave a taste of what he might have sounded like in the context of The Traveling Wilburys, here's more of that great flavor.Produced by Tom Petty and backed by The Heartbreakers, Del does what he does best, rocking with authority (&quot;Sucker for Your Love,&quot; &quot;Cheap Love,&quot; etc.) and singing heartbreaking ballads such as his great remake of Don Everly's composition &quot;Maybe Tomorrow.&quot; His remake of &quot;Sea of Love,&quot; which briefly charted, is here and some of Del's best originals in years.Excellent fidelity matches production that reveals it's top flight Petty-gree. Well worth the many years I have waited for this on aluminum!"))
(4.0, (u'1577133196', u"There are many actors who've played Zorro on the screen, but few that I would say really bring the character to life on the screen, and these include Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Tyrone Power, Guy Williams (of the Disney TV series), Reed Hadley (of the Republic serial ZORRO'S FIGHTING LEGION), Duncan Regehr (of the Family Channel TV series), and Alain Delon.  This film, shot in Italy/France, takes the origin of Zorro in a new direction, transferring the origin from Los Angeles California to Nuova Aragon in South America and giving a less altruistic reason for creating the identity of Zorro (the murder of Zorro's friend, the new Governor of Nuova Aragon, by the evil Colonel Huerta) among other differences, but the plot flows well enough, the humor of Zorro's outfoxing Hueta and his men has been restored, and the final duel between Zorro and Huerta (probably the longest on record) is excellently choreographed.  Although some scenes have been edited to make this film more PG tha! n PG-13 (trimming away some of the more graphic violence), it is still one of the best ZORRO films made and should be considered wrth being a part of any ZORRO film collection.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000001EVI', u"Picture the Archies if they were veterans of 10,000 bar gigs, but still sounded as sweet as cartoon pop rock.  These guys clearly have a history, with a dose of after 1970 Byrds, Replacements and more than a little Rubber Soul Beatle-pop.  Heard these guys for the first time on a country radio station in Farmer City, Illinois.  Not a pure country play though-more of a hard drving, hook throwing bar band than any one genre.I docked them a star for possibly appealing to Grateful Dead fans.Editting 7 years later...Really like this album, lost it for more than a year, couldn't find a Replacement, then a buddy found one for me in California.  Great comments by some nitwit claiming he couldn't hear music like this in Central Illinois, as above, this beauty was first heard on The Whip, WWHP, in Farmer City, Illinois, CRACK YAW!"))
(4.0, (u'6304199392', u'Over the years, there have been many films made about the legendary masked rider of Old California, but only two serious television series.  This tape, consisting of the four episodes from 1989 that began the four-season Family Channel series, introduces a Zorro that I rank among the top five, which include Regehr, Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Guy Williams, Alain Delon, and Reed Hadley.  "The Legend Begins" tells the story of the origin of Zorro in a new way and with some changes to the traditional story: James Victor\'s "Sergeant Mendoza" is not the fat buffoon of previous "Sergeant Mendoza"s but a likeable and sympathetic supporting character; the villain is not the Commandante of the garrison but now the corrupt alcalde Luis Ramon; and Zorro\'s love interest is no longer the traditional senorita but now Victoria Escalante, the owner of the local tavern and a modern woman with a mind of her own who\'s not afraid to speak out against the alcalde\'s injustice.  This story adds details to Zorro\'s origin that many must have wondered at, and there is enough action, suspense, and swordplay for everyone to enjoy, not just fans of Zorro!'))
(4.0, (u'B000007NAJ', u"Intrigued by the song &quot;I'm Fine&quot; I discovered on a compilation, I had to see what a group with such diverse styles in one song could do with eleven more.  Although not as diverse as &quot;I'm Fine&quot;  the other songs have funky beats and catchy hooks that start to sneak their way into your brain.  &quot;Not Yet Gone&quot;, &quot;Growing Out&quot; and  &quot;Something About You&quot; are some definite highlights for me on this CD.  I've given it four stars even though I feel it's only a three star at this point because I anticipate it to grow to a four star within a few more listenings."))
(4.0, (u'B0000013EV', u"I purchased this cd after seeing Kevin Saunderson and Derrick May do a 4  turntable tag team in Oakland. Before hand, I have always heard many thing  about Kevin and about him pioneering the techno revolution in Detroit. That  party blew me away, because I haven't heard good deep techno for quite a while  and they both used the fader for muting techniques we all love to hear. I was  pleased to hear a well mixed cd and some of Kevin's signature scratching  methods. All in all, the cd is worth the price and you might want to check out  the Video put out for this soundtrack."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025R8', u"This album should have been titled &quot;One After Another&quot;, as one loud, thrashy, almost abrasive song after another assaults your ears.  Don't try this one if you're feeling mellow.  The songs still contain Cheap Trick's trademark melodies, but Robin Zander uses his harsher vocal  style on all the songs, including the powerful anthemic ballad &quot;If You Want My Love&quot;.  A very cohesive album, all the songs contain very loud, driving drum tracks, and loud, almost screaming, backup vocals.  Contains the Sophomoric, yet undeniably catchy and clever lyrical hit &quot;She's Tight&quot;, plus original and innovative songs like the eerie pulsating &quot;Saturday at Midnight&quot; and the technodriver &quot;I Want Be Man&quot;.  Cheap Trick has an album for everyone, and headbangers will enjoy this one."))
(4.0, (u'B000007SRN', u"&quot;Slide&quot; may very well be an introduction to a wider audience for Lisa Germano.  It has a sparser sound than one might expect from her previous work, and I was disappointed that she elected not to use the violin this time around.  This new album lacks the dark nature of &quot;Geek the Girl&quot; and the cynicism of &quot;Excerpts from a Love Circus&quot;, but what it lacks in those qualities is replaced with warmth.  This is a beautiful, sometimes poignant, piece of work that may appease listeners who qualify her work as &quot;difficult to listen to,&quot; but it's not by any means a happy album.  Standout tracks:  &quot;Way Below the Radio&quot;, &quot;Wood Floors&quot;, and &quot;Guillotine.&quot;"))
(4.0, (u'B000002VFI', u"Dionne Warwick's greatest hits from 1979-1990 are covered in this well done retrospective.  Personally, I find Warwick's mid to late 60's career much more appealing in terms of material and vocal production, but there are several stand outs on this CD nevertheless.Aside from the obvious &quot;That's What Friends Are For&quot; with Gladys, Elton, and Stevie, this CD contains many mini-gems like a rousing Bee-Gees backed &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;, a poignant love farewell ballad with &quot;I Know I'll Never Love This Way Again&quot; and a powerful pop &quot;No Night So Long&quot;.  All three of these songs were top 40 hits, not surprisingly, since they are meticulously written and produced to fit Dionne's smokey vocals.Of the 3 duets included, the only one that strikes  any chords is &quot;How Many Times Can We Say Goodbye&quot; and not because of the song itself, but because Luther Vandross and Dionne Warwick sing together with so much emotion.  By listening to!  this track it's easy to see that Warwick was perhaps Vandross's biggest influence, as he himself has acknowledged many a time.  One can't help but feel as if the baton is being passed to a younger generation.Most notably perhaps, this CD has the distinction of containing Dionne's last &quot;quality&quot; vocals.  Her 90's work has been somewhat hindered by her innability to produce the sound she used to in the 60's and 70's.  Although not as flexible as it was in that period, her voice thru the 80's, was still a force to be reckoned with.Buy it if for no other reason than to hear the final perfect oeuvres of a once great vocalist who has recently lost most of her range."))
(4.0, (u'B000007OG9', u"Throughout his career, especially since gaining creative freedom in the  early 1970's, Waylon Jennings has pushed and pulled his sound, molding it and remolding it around good songs.  This album lives up to all his previous work, and shines on it's own.  Definitively Waylon (all the songs have been thoroughly &quot;Waylon-ized&quot;), he chose a true cross-section of musical styles on this one.  From Blues (&quot;The Blues Don't Care&quot;) to ballads (&quot;Be Mine&quot; and  &quot;Just Watch Your Mama and Me&quot;) to country rockers (&quot;I Know About Me - Don't Know About You&quot;) and honky-tonkers (&quot;Easy Money&quot;).  He wrote many of the songs on the album, living proof that you're never too old to be fresh.  And it's just plain fun to listen to Waylon light a fire under The Rolling Stones' &quot;No Expectations&quot;.  Despite recent health woes, and his frustration with Nashville and Country radio, 'ol Waylon is still 'ol Waylon.  Just better than eve! r."))
(4.0, (u'B000007Q74', u'From the elegant cascading sound of strings in their first smash hit (  &quot;Entertaining Angels&quot;, off this record ) to the almost dance like technodrama of &quot;Hallelujah&quot; the newsboys again deliver another strong release with &quot;STEP UP TO THE MICROPHONE!&quot;.  One unique and obvious aspect of this album compared with the last one is that the message is more direct and less wild and quirky, but yet at the same time the message in some of the songs is barely noticeable and more analogy and story oriented.  From the opening track, &quot;Woo Hoo&quot; you are hooked with a steady medium beat and a catchy chorus line, and some funky guitar in the middle.  In &quot;Entertaining Angels&quot; their ( most pop-smooth sounding ) song on the album your ears are graced to a slick weave of lyrics, string, and synthesizers. In &quot;Tuning In&quot; the group achieves an almost playful mood in a dance of words, and electric sounds. &quot;Deep End&quot; is the kind!  of music you throw back your hood on your car..and just cruise, plus it has a great message to it.  My favorite song is &quot;Hallelujah&quot; in which the Newsboys tap back into their dance days and produce a hip mix of techno/rock that gets you moving...Then the last two songs are two slow ballads that close the album out.  All on all, this album has songs that will hook you and encourage you at the same time.  There is a diverse unique sound with the use of strings, synthesizer, and panio...not to mention some cool use of the guitar in the bridges of many of the songs... One of the best pop/rock/semi-alternative albums to come along since Jesus Freak by DC-TALK.  I reccomend it highly!'))
(4.0, (u'1573306819', u"You don't have to be gay (which I am) to see the obvious about one Daria Morgendorffer:  This animated teen genius is the most thinly  veiled lesbian to hit TV screens this side of Ellen DeGeneres!  Yet everyone else (including Daria's best bud, Jane Lane) is either ignorant  of it, or thinks Daria's complete lack of interest in boys really is  due to her not yet meeting the right guy.  The running joke about  the show---AND the book---is simple:  Jane wants to fix her up with her brother Trent, while everyone else wants to fix her up with the super-rich Upchuck.  Every time I tune in to the &quot;Daria&quot; show, I half-expect one of two  things:  Quinn asking Jake and Helen, &quot;Don't you think it's high  time Daria got interested in boys?&quot;...or the three of them ganging up on Daria and making her date Upchuck with the warning &quot;IT'S TIME YOU HAD A MAN!!!&quot;  What do I see from &quot;The Daria Diaries&quot; and the TV show?... Daria is, in fact, in lov! e with Jane Lane, and Jane doesn't realize it. Daria won't come out and admit it, but her feelings for Jane are so  strong she's about to burst.  Even &quot;Beavis and Butthead&quot; knew  Daria had no interest in boys---why won't the &quot;Daria&quot; writers let her come out of the closet already?  We all know the truth...let her be herself.  Hey, it worked for Ellen, didn't it?  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000000OR0', u"The music here makes you wonder why Danny Elfman stuck with (Oingo) Boingo for so long. While he may have had a few catchy songs there, his talent for motion picture composing is awesome. Certainly, he and Tim Burton are nearly inseparable (witness The Nightmare Before Christmas and Batman), so Elfman's easy to peg. On the surface, it's tempting to say that once you hear one of his motion picture compositions, you've heard them all, but I suspect there's more nuance to his music that that. This album moves easily from the eerie and ethereal to the warm and heartfelt--often seconds apart. It's all dark, though, being music for a tart comedy about the afterworld. The two Harry Belafonte songs keep the gloom away, and add the perfect touch of whimsicality--both in the movie and in this album. It's hard to erase from your mind."))
(4.0, (u'B000007SBD', u"Personally, I'd buy an album of this woman sneezing cuz there just isen't anybody else that can touch her.  This album is a sequel to the marvelous Other Voices, Other Rooms from a few years back. This time, Nanci sounds like she's having a lot more fun- but the album suffers a little for it. The album is FULL of guest vocals and while I like  many of the musicians I found myself a little disappointed by songs that Nanci did little more than harmonize on. Instead of labeling this a Nanci Griffith album, more appropriately, it should have been credited to &quot;Nanci Griffith and Friends&quot;.  This is what kept me from giving the album 5 stars. Now, as for what is GOOD about the album. Well, there's Nancis voice, which never seems to fail her. There are some standouts, like Nancis version of &quot;Darcy Farrow&quot; and the painfully beautiful &quot;Dress of Laces&quot;which features a lovely harmony vocal from Lyle Lovett. There are a few of my favorite old folk class! ics like &quot;Deportee&quot; and &quot;I Still Miss Someone&quot;. &quot;Walk Right Back&quot; is fun. &quot;Yarrington Town&quot; is a great song and sounds great from Nanci.  I quite enjoy the group vocal on &quot;Desperados Waiting For A Train&quot;, but again there was not enough vocal from Nanci herself on this one. I would reccomend this album to any old Nanci fan, &quot;Dress of Laces&quot; is reason enough to buy it,  but would suggest to anyone new to Nanci to first check out one of her other offerings such as Storms or the live album or Flyer or even the first Other Voices record."))
(4.0, (u'B0000029A7', u"I grew up with the music of Carolyn Hester, and this disc, a reissue of her third album, shows all the reasons why I'm still listening to her: that wonderful, unique voice (think Nanci Griffith with maybe a touch of Emmylou Harris or Claire Lynch); her willingness to explore and push the boundaries of the folk genre (there are blues and Greek music on this album, for example); her sense of humor; and impeccable taste in songs and how to present them in an involving way. Hester's always helped out the careers of other musicians, too. Notice the harmonica work-and those alternate takes featuring the harmonica? The player was Bob Dylan, in his first appearence ever on record."))
(4.0, (u'B000002J3K', u"...too bad the final version wasn't like this.  I happen to love this album.  When a friend of mine was playing it, I knew then that I had to own it.  My favorite pieces are the choral numbers &quot;Facade&quot; and &quot;Murder, Murder,&quot; along with the riveting &quot;Board of Governors&quot; and &quot;His Work and Nothing More.&quot;  I was extremely dissapointed by the stage version, where the wonderful imagery suggested in &quot;Board of Governors,&quot; that of one small man against the monolith of the status quo, was undercut by the poor staging.  I was also dissappointed by the omission of some of the better songs from the album: &quot;Bring on the Men&quot; gives us a humorous look into the seedy world of Lisa and the other girls, levity that is required because of the preceding scene, &quot;Board of Governors.&quot;  Also cut were &quot;Girls of the Night&quot; and &quot;Someone like You&quot; which gave us insight into the other, peripheral characters; it'! s one thing to have a protagonist (and in this case an antagonist) and focus on them, and its another to have such wonderful supporting characters with such great contrasts and not go into them at all.  &quot;Requiem,&quot; the sole reference to religion other than throwaway lines, never made it to the stage, which severely hurts the impact of the story.  However, the most shocking change from this wonderful concept album is the change of &quot;Murder, Murder&quot;; on this album, the composer gives us a great choral piece that is filled with mixed meter.  The chorus goes from 4/4 to 2/4, the verses contain passages in 3/4, and the interludes are in 12/8, yet when done on stage the 3/4 parts are rearranged to be in 4/4.  This change, while it may seem minor, severely hurts the impact of the song.  The various time signatures try to portray the chaos of the situation and the helplessness of society.  These are problems that I have not with this concept album, but with the mass-! viewed production that the public will think is the real &q! uot;Jekyll and Hyde.&quot;  If only everyone could hear this album..."))
(4.0, (u'B000002AE3', u"As an old toto fan, I was quite disappointed with the albums after Toto - IV (which was on the edge of being plain commercial without the freshness I'd loved with the older albums). Just lately a friend gave me &quot;Tambu&quot; and told me it was a lot better again. Well, he was right. &quot;Gift of Faith&quot;, the first song, comes as fresh and alive as any of their old songs (who remembers &quot;Manuela Run&quot; from the first album?), and I can't say the rest of the album is worse. Old fans would have to get used to a different drums sound since Jeff Porcaro died a couple of years ago, but I didn't have any problems coping with it. Check it out, it's really worth buying it."))
(4.0, (u'B000001JLJ', u"Don't expect typical InSoc style with this one.  The tracks all blend together, interspersed with low-voiced dialogue that leaves the listener wondering &quot;What's this guy talking about?&quot;  Best recommendation: listen to the entire disc, begin to end, and don't try to analyze the meaning of it.  Dark, sometimes depressing, this is a major change of style for InSoc.  The music will grow on you, though, once you set aside the initial shock of how dark the music can be.If you don't like dark, gothic style music, I would suggest you pass this one by.  But if you DO like it, then by all means, this is a pretty good choice."))
(4.0, (u'B000001SMY', u"DIVORCE was one of the best-selling albums of the year.  The single topped the year-end lists as one of the most popular. Tammy Wynette had firmly arrived in Music City and now the &quot;kid classic&quot; syndrome (started with I DONT WANNA PLAY HOUSE) had begun.  The selection of songs ranges from medicore (All Night Long) to haunting (Lonely Street), from a perfect fit for the Wynette-tear-in-her-voice sound (Kiss Away) to the rare 'why-did they-have-her-sing this (The Legend of Bonnie &amp; Clyde)?  Over all it is the sound of the sixties presented in a digital format for the 90's, and the sound of a young female vocalist about to release the biggest hit of her career (STAND BY YOUR MAN).  It is Retro-Wynette and retro-60's.  But it shouldn't be missed.  Her version of Glen Campbell's  GENTLE ON MY MIND far out shines his original and The Beatle's YESTERDAY is included because when Ringo Starr came to Nashville, he insisted on hearing Tammy Wynette record.  He knew a!  good thing when he heard it!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000009RV', u"Absolutely Free is uneasy to listen to at first, but given time you'll learn to love the madness contained within The Mother's 2nd album. It's silly, risque, abrasive yet surprisingly gentle when it wants to be.  In contrast to The Mother's debut album Freak Out, the band's playing is more proficient, and Zappa's great guitar playing actually gets a chance to shine through on some tracks.  This album is all over the place, musically speaking, but is highly entertaining nonetheless.  The sound recording isn't quite up to scratch to his later recordings, but this is forgiveable, as the outright abstract humour and concept flow of the piece takes precedence, taking you on a musical and sociological ride through the dark recesses of Zappa's twisted mind.  There are many highlights on this early release, including the lyrically hilarious &quot;Duke of Prunes&quot;, the totally off-the-wall &quot;Call any Vegetable&quot; and the magnum opus mini-opera &quot;Brown Shoes Don't Make It&quot; which really has to be heard to be believed.  All in all, this stands among my more preferred early FZ/MOI albums. Others may tend to disagree, but remember - if you're in for a little adventure, something more bizarre than usual, Absolutely Free is Absolutely Fab (sorry about the pun...or whatever you call it.)"))
(4.0, (u'B0000009SQ', u"This is definitely one of Zappa's most down-to- earth albums, and highly accessible to the 'average' rock listener.  This is a dark, moody, yet laid-back record full of beautifully shifting tones.  Zappa's voice is relaxed and warm, relaying tales of torture chambers, artificial girlfriends as well as spoofing the social/disco scene of the time.  The vocal tunes are interspersed with incredibly inspired instrumentals, showcasing the beauty of Zappa's guitar technique (see &quot;Black Napkins&quot; for pure rapture&quot;) as well as his innovative new recording method, known as xenochrony, whereby he combined tracks recorded at unrelated performances on different occasions into the one song, with effective results.  &quot;Zoot&quot; is a laid-back string of tracks, leaving one completely satisfied upon reaching its end.  A true Zappa favourite!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002KLZ', u"More than a live album, Fleetwood Mac Live is a chronicle of the evolution of Fleetwood Mac.  While all of the songs are performed by the &quot;Rumours&quot;-era band, the songs span from wonderful versions of their hits (&quot;Dreams&quot;, &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot;, &quot;Don't Stop&quot;) to new songs (&quot;Fireflies&quot;, &quot;The Farmer's Daughter&quot;, &quot;One More Night&quot;) to Peter Green's blues (&quot;Oh Well&quot;).  But no matter the song, one thing stands out:  Fleetwood Mac was a great band.  Each song is near-perfect or at least very good. Finally to top off a wonderful album, the only song from the Buckingham Nicks album released (other than &quot;Crystal&quot; on the self-titled white album in 1975 and &quot;Long Distance Winner&quot; on Stevie Nicks' &quot;Enchanted&quot; box set in 1998), &quot;Don't Let Me Down Again&quot;, is included and is amazing.  That alone is worth the price of admission, but the rest of the classic tunes ensure that!  the album gets a lot of play on your CD player."))
(4.0, (u'B0000062FN', u"A prime example of Santana's sizzling latino rock, this offering comes from the guitarist's earliest and definitive line-up.  The album contains many notable classics, and the entire record is on par with their previous two - Santana and Abraxas.  Just listen to &quot;Everybody's Everything&quot; for pure energy and fire - this music is what life is all about! &quot;Jungle Strut&quot; also rocks your sox off, and is nicely complemented by other more subdued and heartfelt tracks like &quot;Taboo&quot;.  &quot;Toussaint L'Overture&quot; is a tour-de-force, and stands to remind you what a showman/bandleader the brilliant Carlos Santana was and still is today.  If cubano jazz-rock is your thing, make sure you don't miss out on this one - it's still hot as ever!"))
(4.0, (u'B000009DUY', u"Lots of horns, underscored by strings and supported by his 90's penchant for percussion, this is what you'd expect from John Williams- except that it's by far the most understated of his scores for a Spielberg film.  You won't remember any music after you've seen the film- in part because its images are so powerful, but even moreso because of how music is used, which is *sparingly*.  The music is not made up of motifs and cues, but of small suites bridged by overlapping horns.  Williams only breaks from this pattern over the end credits, with the haunting 'Hymn For The Fallen', which is never heard in the actual body of the film."))
(4.0, (u'B000007QQF', u"Bele Bele en La Habana Musicians Alain P&eacute;rez Rodriquez, Acoustic bass, vocals; Roberto Vizca&igrave;no Guillot, congas, percussion; Ra&uacute;l P&iacute;neda Roque, drumsCompositions Son Montuno, Lorraine, But not for me, Con poco coco, El cumbanchero, Tres lindas Cubanas, La sitiera, Los CaminosReview I wrote a piece, not too long ago, about four incredible Latin Jazz pianists that had shaken the jazz community with their amazing dexterity and original contributions. Without further delay or hesitation let me now enter, a fifth, Chucho Vald&eacute;s. Chucho was, of course, one of the founders and key members of the revolutionary group of the Seventies coming from Havana Cuba, Irakere. A group that combined Jazz, fusion, rock, classic Cuban and African music to blend into what was some of the most exciting and original forms of contemporary sounds of that era. Along with Paquito D'Rivera and Arturo Sandoval, Chucho and the rest of the group were bold and daring sounding larger than life. They seemed to stretch far beyond their own capabilities and limitations to reach into areas never dreamed of. This is what Chucho demands and gets from all the musicians that have ever played with him.Bele Bele en La Habana (Somethin's Happening in Havana) offers us Chucho with a smaller group. On this CD his style is showcased and we hear his unique offerings backed with fierce and original sounding rhythms. Son Montuno opens with a quick up tempoed line of Chucho's. Here he further explores the keyboard and we hear echoes of Ellington, Earl Hines, Gershwin, Bud Powell and much more. They've all filtered through this son of Ramon Valdes, who taught Chucho all of the facets of Cuban Musical history. Later in his life, Dizzy Gillespie would add to the mix. So, with the dexterity and technique of this big man from Cuba we have a Latin Jazz master, who's become an identifiable icon.Lorraine is a Balada Cha that shows us the warmer and more personable side of Chucho. The rhythm groves nicely, hand in glove, accompanying Chucho. But not for me is Gershwin gone Mambo. Chucho gives a nice reading to the Evergreen. Con poco coco (Without Much Thought) is a Descarga showing Chucho doing what he does best, producing what I like to call &quot;Sweat Swing.&quot; Sweat Swing is that feeling and sensation the listener gets when he's moved and taken to another level by some unpredictable and swinging music. Listen to some neat quotes from Dizzy embedded into his solo. Again, enough can't be said about this great rhythm backing him. Roberto Vizca&igrave;no Guillot is a congero to be contended with. In the world and sudden onslaught, the likes of Giovanni Hidalgo and Richie Flores, we may want to be adding the name, Roberto Vizca&igrave;no Guillot to the list of percussionists with a new approach. El cumbanchero is a Chucho reading and updating of the great Latin American standard written by Puerto Rico's father of music, Rafael Hern&aacute;ndez. Tres lindas Cubanas begins someplace in the music palaces of the Delta or New Orleans soundin! g like a rag. But then, Ahhh, Chucho makes it into a sexy swaying danz&oacute;n that distantly resembles The Peanut Vendor in some ways. Chucho is like a tour guide taking us into the back streets and neighborhoods of Havana. One could almost feel, smell, hear and see the various colors and rhythms through his swaying and sensuous interpretation.La sitiera (The Small Farm) is a guajira that further shows the various idioms and styles incorporated into Latin African - American music. Roberto Vizca&igrave;no Guillot offers a very musical and tasty conga solo on this piece over some lilting comping by Chucho. Los Caminos (The Pathways) is a guaguanc&oacute;. A guaguanc&oacute;, as defined by the handy glossary that accompanies the CD is characterized as &quot;one of three types of rumba; a seductive mid-tempo couple dance.&quot; It gives us a chance to hear a vocal-bass solo coming from Alain P&eacute;rez Rodriquez sounding like an Afro Cuban version of Keith Jarrett and Slam Stewart mixed with Rice and Beans. The CD concludes with the group jamming and chanting the title.There's no question of Chucho's virtuosity and wonderful contribution to the world of jazz. Coming from a country dictated by Fidel Castro for most of his lifetime one wonders how the creativity and explorations of this extremely talented musician had ever reached fruition. But it has. So why not go out and enjoy it, it's out there. Back to : Home Page"))
(4.0, (u'B0000062P9', u'Where the GLU ep and Empty had coherent limits to them, Life In The So Called Space Age seems boundless.  The beats are bigger and the vocals are more appealing this time around, but you can also tell that they grew as musicians.  The only real problem is the change.  Their early formula was very good, not to detract from the new one.  GLU also seems to have a wonderful tongue in cheek approach to the music they are embracing, especially with what seems to be the breaking down of their drum machine in Vapors.  Regardless, a wonderful album and a good starting place for newcomers to the band.'))
(4.0, (u'B000007NCL', u"The good new about this album is that Brian's voice is back to Pet Sounds vintage quality. So the singing is outstanding. In addition, there are several strong songs (Cry, Lay Down Burden), one excellent one (Happy Days) and no clunkers. That said, there are two problems that hold the effort back. First, there's not enough of the poignant, melancholy feel that marked his finest work. Second, the production and orchestration are not up to his normal standards. I think that as he regains confidence and if the record company is shrewd enough to give him more production control, a truly great album could be in the offing. In the meantime, this is a graceful, positive effort from one of our national treasures. And it is definitely worth owning."))
(4.0, (u'B000002B2N', u'After a 30 year bypass, Dusty finally made it to Nashville. The result? Not as exciting as her previous work, but polished and well executed nevertheless.Dusty\'s voice is as smokey as ever, with a new found deeper register that manages to affect even more than her soaring falsetto used to. It\'s truly amazing that she could still produce a high quality, albeit slightly lower in timbre, sound. Of all the artists of her generation Dusty\'s voice was perhaps the most well-worn, like a fine wine, it only got better with age.The problem however is not her voice. What keeps A VERY FINE LOVE from being a real gem is some of the mediocre material and a rather run-of-the-mill production.There are some excellent song choices, like the bar room ballad "Where Is A Woman To Go?" (a bluesy Dusty backed up by Mary Chapin Carpenter and KT Oslin), the sensitive "Go Easy On Me", a complex "You Are The Storm" and the majestic "Roll Away" (a superb choice for opening track). Dusty also does a supreme job of dueting with Daryl Hall on "Wherever Would I Be",(featured in the motion picture WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING) a catchy Diane Warren song that works well for the duo, although Hall\'s pipes tend to fade in the backround when trying to keep up with Dusty.Unfortunately, the rest of the album is plagued with mediocre songwriting. Songs like Diane Warren\'s "Lovin\' Proof" and "Old Habits Die Hard" would be just fine for a young country singer, but they are not up to the quality that Dusty was accustomed too.Where was the new Carole King material? (which would have fit wonderfully on this LP, with it\'s country/western/folksy feel.) Even some new Randy Newman would have been an inspired choice. Not that Dusty couldn\'t work well with new songwriters, but if she did, they needed to be TOP QUALITY.What A VERY FINE LOVE does do, is point out just how fantastic Dusty was as a song interpreter, in fact, so good, even mediocre songs took on a high quality gloss with her silky delivery.  However, even Dusty needed some help.  It often took a Bacharach or a King to showcase her to the best effect.Overall, A VERY FINE LOVE is a respectable showcase of Dusty\'s later career abilities, it just seemed like such a waste of what was easily the best female pop voice of the 20th century.K.T. Oslin\'s recent release, LIVE CLOSE BY, VISIT OFTEN is more along the lines, in terms of material and production, of what I had hoped for in a Dusty/Nashville album.Unfortunately, this was Dusty\'s last album before her untimely death from breast cancer.  As is, it remains a respectable example of a mature woman and her musical legacy.The lyrics to the opening track, "Roll Away" have even more resonance now that Dusty is gone.  "Roll away, it\'s only time and the river, roll away, to the endless sea, roll away, it can all change tomorrow-this is life in its glory, and the river runs free...roll away."'))
(4.0, (u'B000007SNL', u"Listening to Social D's &quot;Live At The Roxy&quot; you'll feel the punch and energy of an authentic legend of O.C. punk. Young people might think that they are part of the new generation, because of the success that they got with the successfull &quot;White Light...&quot; and their MTV's popularity. But, after 17 years on the road, they know exactly what they do. The incredible drummer Chuck Biscuits gave the band a new and hard blood and Ness is still a loser. The album was recorded at the Roxy, the same place as another O.C. legend, Agent Orange, gave birth to the classic &quot;Real Live Sound&quot;. Some songs will even make you cry, especially &quot;Don't Drag Me Down&quot;, &quot;Ball And Chain&quot; and &quot;Telling Them&quot;."))
(4.0, (u'B000000851', u"I was amazed when my &quot;challenge&quot; search came up with this album.  The band, made up of students from the Univ of Kansas, played the Midwest in the mid to late 60's, and this was their only album.  I got a vinyl after their Manhattan, KS concert in '67.  The music is classic 60's social commentary folk/rock.  My favorite song,&quot;Man on the Street&quot; is a thought provoking survey of big business and their 'concern' for the average person.  &quot;Doll House&quot; is a commentary on the personal costs to the girls who work in a bordello.  The music itself is a fine example of the times, edgy and insightful, if not perfectly executed.  If you already have Dylan, this would be a good addition to a 60's collection.  While many of the subjects are timeless, the presentation methods are pure 60's protest.  I play this album occasionally, and my kids just don't get it, but oddly enough, a couple of the grand-kids do."))
(4.0, (u'B000009D1S', u'This album has been a long time coming and I assure you it is no let down! Happy Pills paints quite a different picture for Candlebox. The album\'s creation is the result of the evolution of a successful band, years of touring, & a greater understanding of their direction, combined with new elements and energy brought in by new drummer, Dave Krusen. In short, Happy Pills is as strong as anything Candlebox has ever released. A unique facet about this album is that there is some experimentation into different musical styles creating differences from previous recordings while at the same time maintining a nuance in these songs that brings out the flavor from Candlebox\'s early days. The spectrum of musical content featured on Happy Pills is diverse. On one end there are rockers like the title track, "Happy Pills", and on the other end are songs like the melodic and even pop-ish, "Breakaway" which should have been a single and would have been hit for this band. Include songs like, "Belmore Place", "Blinders" & "Look What You\'ve Done" into the mix and you\'re reminded of an old skool Led Zepplin vibe. Just when you think you\'ve got your finger on the pulse of this album, it hits you with "Step Back", "A Stone\'s Throw Away", and "Offerings" which suggest influences from the Beatles to the Doors. Happy Pills introduces an entirely different element to this band while at the same stime still keeping true to their Candlebox roots.Throughout their career, Candlebox has endured an incredible amount of bashing from the press and the critics.  In the long run, being from Seattle may have hurt the band more than it has helped them. The band has always ingnored the bandwagon jumping critics (ie Entertainment Weekly, Spin) and made the music they wanted to make, real rock & roll. Happy Pills is an album that Candlebox should be incredibly proud of!'))
(4.0, (u'B000007NC2', u"&quot;We Ran&quot; is not just a return to Linda Ronstadt's classic LA-flavored country-folk rock but a terrific album with great songs and superb musicianship centered around her brilliant vocals.  Producer Glyn Johns - plus collaborators Waddy Wachtel, George Massenburg and Peter Asher - have wisely relied on great  songwriters (John Hiatt, Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen) and a production which updates the &quot;Heart Like A Wheel&quot; sound (virtually copied by most Nashville female singers) but gives the disc a  classic feel.  The cream of LA musicians are on this album, including Russ Kunkel, Leland Sklar, Don Grolnick, Carlos Vega, Waddy Wachtel (who contributes two wonderful songs), Bernie Leadon and Mike Campbell but the spotlight is on La Ronstadt.  Its been a long time since her voice gave me goosebumps and made me run across the room to turn up the volume.  But listen to how she holds her notes on the title track or the full-tilt gospel  wail on &quot;Ruler of!  My Heart&quot; (produced by Asher in the stytle of &quot;Dark Side of the Street&quot; from &quot;Wheel&quot;) or the passionate heartbreak of &quot;Cry &quot;Til My Tears Run Dry.&quot;  Although I skip over &quot;Give Me A Reason&quot; (too light for this otherwise first-rate collection) and she stumbles a bit over the thick syllables of &quot;Tom Thumb's Blues&quot; (but so does Dylan), this CD offers additional rewards on further playing (pay attention to the way her voice slides effortlessly to the top of her range, to the maturity in her phrasings or the shimmering acoustic guitar sounds)  In the lovely final track, &quot;Dreams of the San Joaquin,&quot; Ronstadt is backed up by (count 'em) six members of her family and family. It's obvious she's comfortable with her musical roots and with herself and &quot;We Ran&quot;  is superb proof."))
(4.0, (u'B000005EJ3', u"On the King Biscuit Live cd, Big Country is energetic, young, full of fire and verve, and rocking their homeland.  If you only know their few stateside hits, this is a great intro to the bands early sound, and a real representative of their first few records.  If you already know the band, it is a great moment in time, caught before a frenzied hometown crowd on a celebratory New Year's Eve, complete with a (?!?) live pipe band helping to stir the crowd up even more. Rocking hard start to finish, with mid-tempo numbers mixed in, the band literally tears through the early songbook, pumping &quot;Wonderland&quot; and &quot;Fields of Fire&quot; with life and injecting emotion and feeling into my personal favorites, &quot;Chance&quot; and &quot;Harvest Home&quot;.  Also for the fans, old and new, the fairly interesting if not so necessary interview with songwriter/ singer/ leader/ activist Stuart Adamson is a nice little bonus.  While these are live versions, they differ eno! ugh to interest a fan while staying faithful enough for the curious or the new convert.  And the sound quality is good, too.  Not a SINGLE bad song, at least NINE, yes NINE great songs, and some others which are at least good to near-great, if you wanted your MTV in '83, and loved the bagpipe rock tune &quot;In a Big Country&quot;, this will NOT disappoint, and should only enlighten and delight."))
(4.0, (u'B0000026JP', u"This album, the second in MCC's body of work, demonstrates that the lady is here to stay.  From the honky-tonk strains of How Do(&quot;Where'd you get that accent, son/It matches your cowboy boots&quot;), through the evocative This Shirt, which brings me close to tears everytime I really pay attention to the lyrics, to the haunting It Don't Bring You(&quot;Of all the things that finally desert us/Pride is always the last thing to go&quot;).  I have all her records, love all of them and get something from each one.  While not as polished as later works, this record is worth the time."))
(4.0, (u'B0000062WB', u"Having been a fan of Gord for 22 years and having attended 4 of his concerts, I was a little worried about his ability to put out good material.  However I was pleasantly surprised when I heard the title track on the radio.  Even though it was on an AM station, it was distinctly Lightfoot.  The imagery of the songs he wrote is, as always, superb.  A couple of the songs are autobiographies.  And a couple of the songs are country songs of which I'm not a big fan, but they do let you hear Gord make best use of his voice.I do grant that his voice is changing and I do miss the richness I hear in his other albums.  However, I still enjoy the album and like it more and more as I listen to it.I am quite fond of &quot;Drifter&quot;, &quot;A Painter Passing Through&quot;, and &quot;Uncle Toad Said&quot;  My two teenage sons also listen to it with me (and no, I don't force them to do this, they really do like Gord's work) and enjoy.Summary, if you are a Gord fan, you wil! l find something here to enjoy.  If you have never purchased an album by this artist, I would suggest some of his earlier works first, then this allbum."))
(4.0, (u'B000002HNV', u"This might be a great pick up for those who remeber the sounds of HL&amp;N in 1985, but it is not a really good indicator of the greatest hits from the band's entire career. It tends to be very pre-1986 oriented, which is not such a bad thing - their most recognized hits are &quot;Heart of Rock &amp; Roll,&quot; &quot;Power of Love&quot; &amp; &quot;I Want a New Drug.&quot; However, they did have some more recent hits that were left off, such as &quot;Hip To Be Square,&quot; &quot;Perfect World&quot; and &quot;Couple Days Off.&quot; HL&amp;N's last three albums were completely ignored! Don't get me wrong - it's a great CD. The 4 new songs are teriffic, especially &quot;100 Years from Now.&quot; As a huge HL&amp;N fan, the selections of hits are a bit of a let down. I'm glad I got the CD, every song is hot, and I still think you should put this CD in your shopping cart."))
(4.0, (u'B0000033TE', u"Punk Art RockELP were the Ramones of the seventies &quot;art rock&quot; movement, which also featured wimpy jazzers Yes and Ye Olde English folk-rock hippies Jethro Tull.  &quot;Toccata&quot; is alone worth the price of admission, a rave-up on a movement from a 20th century piano concerto, complete with highly atmospheric and very cool early Moog sfx.  Also good for a lark are the panzer-driven Karnevil 9 suite.  Hard to believe they wouldn't play this fairly straightword rendention of the old English hymn &quot;Jerusalem&quot; on the BBC in those days - a nice, if unspectacular version.  The rest of the CD?  Filler.  But who cares:  with &quot;Toccata&quot; and &quot;Karnevil 9,&quot; you're hearing the bad boys of art rock at their hysterical, overwrought zenith."))
(4.0, (u'0790729628', u"Bladerunner, a highwater mark in science fiction film making, is updated by the director in this Director's Cut version with the elimination of the narration, the inclusion of the unicorn scene and deletion of the final scenes of the original version's ending.  Brilliant as well as controversial from its opening premiere, &quot;Blade Runner&quot; by director Ridley Scott who had only just come off of directing &quot;Alien&quot; folded the science fiction elements into a 50's detective film noir.  A minority of critics and audience members truly believed in the shadowy elements of darkness and the emphasis on detective work.  With the elimination of the narration (even though Harrison Ford apparently hated it himself and attempted to produce an awful narration), for me and a few others, the narration is a key component of what made this movie so unique in its combination of film elements.  Thus while this movie has become a cult classic, the Director's Cut without the na! rration apparently for a few of us diminishes somewhat what is truly one of the best science fiction movies made.  Also, the upbeat ending of the original American version, shouldn't be panned as overly mainstream or completely optimistic.  It's reference to the vague length of life of a replicant keeps the storyline intriguing because it only adds to the uncertainty of one's relationship with one another and uncertainty about the future.  However, all this is much better described in Paul M. Sammon's excellent reference guide entitled, &quot;Future Noir The Making of Blade Runner&quot; (1996).  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000002ONU', u"Due to the limitations of 12 inch 78-RPM sides (no more than 4:30 of recorded time) this operatic classic suffers in its original cast incarnation. The CAROUSEL WALTZ is truncated from its 7:15 full length to 4:21.  Jean Darling (Darla of Our Gang) may sing off key in MR. SNOW but her interpretation of Carrie is right on the money. IF I LOVED YOU sounds rushed to fit on one side of a disk.  Raitt sings wonderfully but cannot act the non-sung lines of dialogue.  The SOLILOQUY is strongly done and contains lines that never made it to the final printed version of the show - &quot;When I have a daughter...I always say&quot; and never recorded elsewhere.  The number is strangely placed out of sequence on the CD.  JUNE is poorly sung by Christine Johnson but well by the chorus. Eric Mattson is only &quot;acceptable&quot; as Snow in WHEN THE CHILDREN ARE ASLEEP - once again Darling carries the song.  Murvyn Vye as Jigger has no voice in BLOW HIGH or THERE'S NOTHIN SO BAD, but the chorus is rollicking and there are lines for the women in the latter recorded nowhere else.  A REAL NICE CLAMBAKE is well done as is Jan Clayton's plaintive WHAT'S THE USE OF WONDRIN.  Raitt gives a powerful interpretation of HIGHEST JUDGE, but YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE is disappointing vocally and dramatically.  All in all, even with the truncated numbers, some fitting two to a side, and the rushed quality of some interpretations, it is important to have this document of the show in one's collection. The immediacy of a live initial performance of what has become a classic of the American Musical Theatre is fascinating.  The show ran for 26 months, racked up 890 performances.  The album totals 41:01 minutes.  Highly recommended!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002PGM', u"I've had the priviledge of owning Document since its release in the fall of 1987.  Even now, nearly 11 years later, I catch myself listening to the CD in awe at the original sounds the boys from Athens created for Document.  I find it extremely difficult to compare tracks like Finest Worksong and Exhuming McCarthy to the anything recorded before or since 1987.  Unlike other reviews you will read on this page, I believe Document is an excellent purchase for those who are looking for a taste of R.E.M.  Certainly, CD's such as Murmur and Automatic For the People are exceptional works of art, but Document provides a taste of the band's sound which is a little more refined than their earliest work, but is much different than the R.E.M. songs you may have heard through radio play over the past 9 years."))
(4.0, (u'B000003FU5', u"This 20th anniversary production of the R&amp;H classic was the first original cast recording since the initial production.  Raitt may reach for breath in some of his numbers but his acting is far better than in the original production.  Susan Watson is a vivacious Carrie in MR. SNOW and Eileen Christy is an acceptable Julie.  This is the first complete recording of the IF I LOVED YOU scene (an operatic mono studio cast recording of the mid-fifties is &quot;nearly&quot; complete).  The JUNE number contains the first recording of the &quot;Tell it to em good, Carrie&quot; intro.  Here also is the first recording of the reprise of MR SNOW.  BLOW HIGH is abridged as is the CAROUSEL WALTZ (5:29 minutes of the 7:15 whole).  Jerry Orbach is only adequate as Jigger.  WHEN THE CHILDREN ARE ASLEEP is fine, but also abridged.  First recording of some of the dialogue from this scene. The SOLILOQUY is very well done, though lacking some lung power.  A REAL NICE CLAMBAKE gets an expanded rendition. WHAT'S THE USE OF WONDRIN lacks introspection in Christy's interpretation. Hilgenberg sings wonderfully as Nettie in YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE. THE HIGHEST JUDGE is as in the original very powerfully sung by Raitt. STONECUTTERS CUT IT ON STONE is eliminated in this recording.  All in all, this is a fine recording, well sung, orchestrated and recorded and worthy of inclusion in one's library next to the 1945 original cast recording.  Liner notes disagree with the jewel case in timing the recording at either 50:53 or 47:08."))
(4.0, (u'B000007T46', u"When I first heard Voodoo Glow Skulls' first album, &quot;Who Is, This Is?&quot; I immediately became attracted to their super fast, horn-heavy, ska/punk/hardcore sound. Then I saw them live in 1996 at the Cactus Club in San Jos&eacute;, CA and fell madly in love with these seven boys from Riverside. It goes without question that &quot;Who Is, This Is?&quot; is the Glow Skulls' finest CD, with &quot;Firme&quot; coming in at a close second. So, when I found out that VGS came out with a new CD, I was very interested to see if they could redeem themselves after their dismal last attempt (&quot;Baile de los Locos&quot;).And it sounds like they have. Somewhat.Their newest album, &quot;Band Geek Mafia,&quot; starts off in classic VGS style with &quot;Human Pi&ntilde;ata,&quot; a raucous thrash-fest replete with a compelling bass guitar hook and horns, horns horns. The title track delivers much of the same satisfaction. The juxtaposition of tribal tom-tom drum beats (&quot;And meanwhi! le, back in the jungle...&quot;) played off against what can only be best described as Chubby Checker-esque piano riffs - yes, I said Chubby Checker-esque - (&quot;And meanwhile, back in the States...&quot;) makes &quot;Stranded in the Jungle&quot; the most refreshing track on the whole CD by far.What I didn't like about the CD, however, is how easily the boys can fall into the same pattern and commit the same mistakes they made on Baile; by nature ska/punk/hardcore plays hard and fast; but there's a difference between an adrenaline rush and an aneurysm. Apparently, it is possible to go too fast; after a while, every song blends into each other, and the melody is lost.If you compare this CD to &quot;Who Is, This Is?,&quot; be prepared to be disappointed. I haven't heard anything in their following CDs that even comes close to such classics as &quot;Dogpile&quot; and &quot;Ugly Stick.&quot; However, &quot;Band Geek Mafia&quot; does have its bright moments. Buy this CD, if on! ly to fill out the rest of your VGS collection. There are e! nough good tracks on the CD that validate listening to it over and over again. Who knows; the rest of it just might grow on you.Favorite tracks: &quot;Human Pi&ntilde;ata,&quot; &quot;Brodie Johnson Weekend,&quot; &quot;The Band Geek Mafia,&quot;Stranded in the Jungle.&quot;"))
(4.0, (u'B0000066TF', u"Andrea Bocelli has the finest tenor voice since the young Pavarotti.  Whether he is singing opera or pop, in Italian, English, or German, his voice is by turn warm, soothing, thrilling--completely commanding.  And his English diction is better than some American singers'.  The down-side of this album is that most of the titles are already on other discs.  But does this really matter?  The reason to buy this one is Miserere, in which he does both parts with total mastery.  And don't worry that you don't understand the Italian; the translations that come with the Romanza disc don't make all that much sense.  As with his other albums, I could listen to this one forever and never get tired of it."))
(4.0, (u'B0000057C5', u"This CD is incredible!  The guitar work is fantastic. This collection of songs really gets me pumped up and eager to learn their riffs. Sehnsucht is a must for those who appreciate razor edged fretwork with some heavy electronica types of sounds.  I agree with another fan that this is Ministry (Rape &amp; Honey thru Psalm 69) meets Depeche Mode with some NIN and Stabbing Westward, too.  It's refreshing to discover what other countries have to offer in the ever so great and wide world of rock music and not be concerned about the language barrier.  Me, I speak German and I have really been into German bands for many years and have been listening to Falco, Kraftwerk and others since high school (early 80's).  If you really love stuff like Rammstein and don't mind a bit of intellectualism, I strongly suggest you try Einsturzende Neubauten.  They are the pioneers of pure, minimalist industrial music which later evolved into Ministry, Skinny Puppy, et al.  They recorded their!  first album under a bridge. The only instrumentation used were banging pipes, glass, wood and other types of metal objects together and machines, with of course, vocals and a hint of guitar.  It's kinda tribal, but really eerie.  In later works, they incorporated guitars and then synthesizers without losing the cerebral quality to their lyrics. Such instrumentation most likely influenced bands like Ministry (aren't we glad they changed their sound after Twitch?!).  As for Rammstein, Sehnsucht is a wise addition to my eclectic CD collection and should be added to yours!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002G5C', u". . . you still have to buy the CD!  The full Ashley experience can only be had live, but this is the next best thing.  When he revs his fiddle up to a fevered pitch, just imagine a whole lot of stompin' going on.  Mr. MacIsaac learnt his fiddle playin' from the King of the Faeries, and the energy in this album proves it!  Here you have the hit single, &quot;Sleepy Maggie,&quot; sung in Galic but all about &quot;sex and dancin'.&quot;  And there's &quot;The Devil in the Kitchen,&quot; a no holds barred, take no prisoners, gritty, grungy Fiddle Fest.  In the middle of the album, the humor of &quot;What An Idiot He Is&quot; sneaks up on you; it's one of the funniest, wittiest songs I've ever heard.  Point is: the album's all good. You've moshed, you've banged your head.  Now learn how to stomp."))
(4.0, (u'B000005TLV', u'In line with the previous title, (Bose has stated he is pursuing a trilogy) Bajo el signo de cain, Laberinth keeps the subtle and moody mixture of soft sounds and easy going rithms that unsettles our soul, but keeps us comming back ofr more. As with his previous work, Laberinth gets better the more you listen to it. Tesoro will very likely be the the hit track of the Cd.  All in all, this musical piece is another moody and skillfull Bose creation, perfect to listen to it by candle light, right before spending a romantic evening with your loved one.'))
(4.0, (u'B000003GBG', u"1997 was an excellent year for composer Jerry Goldsmith -- his soundtrack from THE EDGE stands out especially in his ouvere.  Goldsmith establishes soaring wildnerness melodies, than lets the music dissolve into primative percussion attacks.  The thundering build of &quot;Deadfall&quot; will just about wring you out!  (Watch this scene in the movie and notices how much Goldsmith's powerhouse attack contributes to the sequence's success).  The final track adds a new layer to an already intricate album: a rhytmn jazz reading of the main title.  Goldsmith has taken us from the mountain peaks to the valleys and finishes off with this smooth return to civilization.  Brilliant!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000002P3', u"Some people might have the idea that traditional bluegrass may be fading. Ha!  Then along comes a band called Longview.  They prove that not only does traditional bluegrass still shine, but its still where bluegrass makes its mark on musical society.  Longview has captured the true spirit of what happens to the blues when its mixed with traditional instruments and that high lonesome sound.  Dudley Connell (guitar, vocals), Glen Duncan (fiddle), James King (guitar, vocals), Joe Mullins (banjo, vocals), Don Rigsby (mandolin, vocals), and Marshall Wilborn (bass) give us one of the best traditional bluegrass albums of the past few years.  They cover it all from Ted Lundy to the Louvin Brothers, Ralph Stanley to Randall Hylton and a few originals thrown in between show that people haven't forgotten where the music came from.  Truly a gem to any collection, but you may need two, 'cause you might wear the first one out."))
(4.0, (u'B00000031E', u"If you're looking for music that you can listen to while you sit back, drink some wine, and watch the sun set -- DON'T get this album. But if you're  in the market for some contagious get-down foot-stomping sounds -- this is it. You simply cannot sit still while listening to this album. It makes you want to dance. My kids ages 7 to 17 were all dancing like fools in the living room, while I was doing the same in the kitchen. I don't know that much about the style of music, or even its history, I just know I like it and I strongly recommend it to everyone with a love for good gyrating boogie music."))
(4.0, (u'B000000CF5', u"A trio of fury, the Poor Righteous Teachers, self proclaimed PRT, were among a group of acts which hit the early ninties rap scene overnight. Most notable for the MTV video, &quot;Rock This Funky Joint&quot;, PRT sold Holy Intellect and become part of rap's mainsteam list of acts which could hit the suburbs all the way from the ghetto. With a hard edged sound, samples from Bob Marley, and a lead with a quick ryhming toungue, &quot;Holy Intellect&quot; is the album which put PRT on the scene.  This effort has not been equalled by the act yet; and re-aquiring the disk though Amazon.com seven years after I bought it in 1991, &quot;Holy Intellect&quot; still sounds as fresh ever. Other notable tracks include: Butt Naked Bootie Bless and the title track, Holy Intellect."))
(4.0, (u'B000002KIK', u"Well, what can you say for an album that was appearently written and recorded in two days? Certainly not an album to start out with Sabbath, but a worthwhile album to purchase somewhere down the line. The song with Bill Ward, the drummer, on vocals, &quot;Swinging The Chain&quot;, is great, as well as the bass focused &quot;Junior's Eyes&quot;. Much of the guitar playing reflects well on Toni Iommi, and his improvement over the last couple of albums is noticeable. Ozzy Osbourne is critical of the fact that a majority of songs are in major keys, but I dont think that this key transition affects this album's mood by any means."))
(4.0, (u'B000001VEK', u"While most of the songs found here are songs that have appeared on numerous other albums, these are somewhat different renditions.  Brand New Key was a huge hit for Melanie and this newly recorded version is just as good as the original.  All the songs demonstrate that Melanie's incredible and unique voice is still as spellbinding as ever.  I particularly enjoyed the song Long Long Time.  Although not written by Melanie to hear her sing and play this song one can't help but feel that it was written for her.  [Note:  I would have rated the CD with 5 stars had all the songs been new songs not found on previous albums.]"))
(4.0, (u'B000006O7C', u"What can you say about Jeff Buckley?  His amazing voice and uncanny musicianship was a near unmatchable talent.  He had the ability, as shown on this album as well as &quot;Grace&quot;, to write any style of music imaginable in the genre.  But like so many before him, he was gone too soon to be fully appreciated by so many.That he is gone and unknown to so many is unfortunate, too.  His songwriting held such emotion, but never lacked beauty.  No matter where you turn on the album, his voice haunts the listener and forces it's way into your heart.  A beautiful voice that could do so many things, including make &quot;Back in N.Y.C.&quot; sound great.But the album makes me think about the unfortunate demise of Jeff Buckley whenever I hear &quot;Nightmares By The Sea,&quot; an absolutely wonderful song.  But the title and some of the lyrics almost seem to eerily alude to his passing.Regardless, a beauty of an album, a great step (although incomplete) from Grace! , and a realization of what the musical community lost when Jeff Buckley lost his life."))
(4.0, (u'B000009ELX', u"... to 1994's stellar &quot;Teenage Symphonies to God,&quot; Velvet Crush's &quot;Heavy Changes&quot; was recorded in North Carolina in 1995. &quot;Used To Believe&quot; and &quot;Ever After&quot; are hard-rocking standouts, picking up on the formula from &quot;Teenage ...&quot; only with more extended jamming; producer Mitch Easter is again on hand to mix and play guitar. &quot;White Satin Bed&quot; is in the same mold as &quot;Why Not Your Baby,&quot; a weepy country chestnut played with a syncopated Manchester drum lick. The band had high hopes for the disc but their label, Creation/Epic, didn't agree. Disappointed with sales to &quot;Teenage ...&quot; in the U.S. and unable to &quot;find a single&quot; out of the tracks on &quot;Heavy,&quot; Creation/Epic rejected the album in 1996 and then dropped the band altogether. The tapes were shelved but later obtained by the band and released on their own label, Action Musik, in 1998. NOTE: Ric Menck disbanded the group sho! rtly after the band was dropped by Creation and moved to Los Angeles. Menck re-formed VC for a new album in 1998 with just bassist/lead vocalist Paul Chastain and VC chum Matthew Sweet, who is also producing."))
(4.0, (u'B0000070RQ', u"Ahh, The Sensational Alex Harvey Band.  I saw them live at the Roxy in LA, circa sometime in the 70's. Took some friends who hadn't heard of them.  After the concert, we all agreed that they were awsome live, and only ok on disc.  They still rank as one of the best concerts I've ever attended.  What makes this disc so great is that it covers all of their styles.  From straight on r and r to pure schmaltz.  Pity they weren't filmed and available on video tape 'cause it would sure help to see dear Alex spray painting &quot;Vambo Rules&quot; to make sense of the song of the same name.  After writing this review, I'm buying the CD to replace my poor scratched record from 1975.  Some years later I saw Vambo Rules written on a wall in Highland Park (a community of LA) I shall drive by to see if it still exists and pay appropriate homage.  Pity Alex Harvey isn't alive today to write his own review."))
(4.0, (u'B000001E8V', u"Remember the rebellious years?  This CD will take you there again, and perhaps further, with more fury.  &quot;Mother, Mother&quot; is the perfect start to this CD. Now, I'm not a big fan of noisy guitars and loud drums and muffled voices, but this all fits the modd of the song, so I can accept it like it is.  The rest of the CD I had to listen to a little at a time.  Some of the songs seem to almost be nonsense or perhaps a little farcical, but it all fits now.  Overall, I would say this woman has got a wonderful future in front of her."))
(4.0, (u'B000002NWU', u"I wish I had been there! Commander Cody is the piano-thumper and croaks an occasional &quot;novelty&quot; song, but he is surrounded by top-notch honky-tonkers.  Billy C. Farlow, lead vocals and guitar, is at the top of his form.  Bobby &quot;Blue&quot; Black is one of the great unsing pedal-steel players. Frankly, I can't decide whether these guys are SERIOUS, or if they are doing a good-natured PARODY of the honky-tonk thing!  But regardless, they sure know what they are doing.  Tight stuff!  (If you get a chance, give a listen to &quot;Hot Licks, Cold Steel, and Truckers Favorites,&quot; a recording I don't believe is available on CD.) I still cry every time I listen to the &quot;Down To Seeds And Stems Again Blues&quot;! Throw this disc on the player when you need your spirits lifted, or when the party is draggin'!"))
(4.0, (u'B000003QLV', u"THE GONE JACKALS second CD, &quot;BONE TO PICK,&quot; is a great album. They recieved huge recognition for having contributed (almost all of the tracks) to the LucasArts CD-ROM game, &quot;Full Throttle.&quot; I have played it, and it is one of my all time favorite graphic adventures. Once I finished the game, I knew what I had to do next. I had to get the CD ASAP! But after listening to the CD numerous times, I cannot help but notice that sometimes the group seems to have no sense of the beat. Everything just seems thrown togther. The &quot;garage&quot; sound doesn't help, either. I suppose that if it had slightly better quality, the sound might lose its edge and feeling. Overall this CD is very memorable, and I recommend it. I don't care if you have played &quot;Full Thottle!&quot; This CD is a must for anyone's collection."))
(4.0, (u'B000003S0B', u"Following the ground-breaking first album, In The Court Of The Crimson King, this second album by King Crimson was more of the same, yet completely different. Retaining all but one of the original members, the album's first side is chock full of mellotrons, saxes, flutes and Robert Frippian guitar licks, sounding like it could have been Side 3 of the first album. The second side of Poseidon, however, is an altogether different animal. With its jazzy overtones and the &quot;let's see how far we can push the musical envelope&quot; philosophy of Devil's Triangle, side 2 is definitely a precursor of things to come on Lizard and Islands. And like those subsequent albums, Posiedon is an exciting, mysterious musical journey from start to finish..."))
(4.0, (u'6303398480', u'This is a very good movie. It mixes aspects of ancient earth mysteries (Eygpt) to the future and distant planets.  The characters are well done from Kurt Russels messed up commando routine to the rest.  The settings of the stories are well done. One might wonder how a desert terrain can be fun to look at, but the director did a superb job of including monuments and sites ...besides, the desert is sort of a character in the movie itself. Though the story is far fetched (ancient egyptians  taken to a distant planet to be slaves), the movie is a lot of fun top watch.  If you want a good movie with no brain teasing plots, this is for you.  END'))
(4.0, (u'B000000F6Z', u"This record somehow balances the group's earlier punk rock and garage energy with mid tempo rock songs and even a song with a synthesizer as the focus.  &quot;Frankenchrist&quot; is laden with satire and criticism of all things '80s as well.  &quot;MTV Get Off the Air&quot; rips the then-burgeoning station a new orifice by mercilessly portraying their VJs as &quot;wigged out on quaaludes&quot; and calling new-generation music executives &quot;graph paper brained accountants instead of music fans.&quot;  Overall, this record rips and is one CD that after all this time seems to make it to my stereo on a regular basis.  It isn't often that something this irreverent comes along."))
(4.0, (u'0784010188', u'This movie was very good. Though the story was a bit lame...the usual &quot;human kind is gonna die, someone needs to save it&quot;, the action was fast paced and very fullfilling. The main character, the terminator, needed no special acting skills other than one expresion (good thing for Arnold). Just one thing...its one of those paradox things...If they prevented the future from happening the way they did, then  how did the terminator come back in time if they never exsisting?  The DVD format did the movie justice. It brought out the color and effects the VHS version could not. The sounds and explotions were mush more well defined also.  END'))
(4.0, (u'B000005AB3', u"I've enjoyed Mr. Schwartz's music for many years now but I wasn't sure what to expect from an album of essentially &quot;non theatre&quot; music (the only exception being &quot;The Hardest Part of Love).  I was pleasantly surprised to find I loved what I heard! I rank Schwartz up there with one of the best, Stephen Sondheim, when it comes to composing music and writing lyrics that work seamlessly to create a character or a story.The music ranges from a lighthearted look at the perils of being single (&quot;Crowded Island&quot;) to the haunting vision of loss presented in &quot;Part of My Live&quot; to the heartfelt look at parenthood in &quot;The Hardest Part of Love.&quot;If you're looking for more Godspell and Pippin, you won't find it.  But you will find a prime example of Mr. Schwartz's incomparable talent to use song in a way few people do anymore--personifying the human condition."))
(4.0, (u'B000006O1N', u'After 25 years, Bishop Walter Hawkins proves that the fire of the Holy Spirit is still alive and well in him and in the Love Center Choir.  This first of this 2 CD set introduces new tunes by the Love Center Choir which are sure to join the long list of standards and favorites from years and years gone by.  In addition, the second disc reuinites members from the original Love Center Choir for joyous covers of some of their best-loved songs.  With the exception of some sound problems and a bit of confusion with the song titles as listed in the liner notes, this is an excellent production, well worth adding to any Walter Hawkins collection.'))
(4.0, (u'B000006PD1', u"IF YOU HAVE EVER HAD A CHANCE TO SEE JASON &amp; THE SCORCHERS LIVE,  YOU ALREADY KNOW HOW THIS CD SOUNDS.  IF YOU HAVEN'T THIS WILL MAKE YOU WANT TO GO OUT AND SEE THEM NEXT TIME THEY ARE IN TOWN.  THIS CD IS LIVE PERFORMANCES COMPILED OVER THE BANDS 16 YEAR CAREER.  IT GOES BACK AND FORTH FROM THE ROWDINESS OF THEIR ROCK'N'ROLL TO THE SOULFULNESS OF THEIR COUNTRY MUSIC.  THEY ARE TRULY A ROCK'N'ROLL BAND WITH A COUNTRY SINGER, AND IT STRENGTHENS THEM INSTEAD OF WEAKENING THEM.  GUITARIST WARNER HODGES SKILLFULLY PLAYS OFF OF JASON'S LYRICS AND SINGING.  IF YOU HAVE NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO PICKUP ONE OF THEIR ALBUMS BE SURE TO CATCH THEM AT THEIR BEST.  LIVE AND LOUD.  GO SCORCHERS!!!!!!!!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000000UN4', u"&quot;Our Little Secret&quot; is the new album from the belguin group &quot;Lord's of Acid.  It is one of their better albums.  Their first album &quot;Lust&quot; is ok.  It was not that great.  Their best album was &quot;Voddu-u&quot;.  This album is also very good and eqaully shocking.  &quot;Secret&quot; is  heavy and hardcore techno.  I would'nt even call it techno.  They have a style all of their own.  It has a few worhtless tracks but there are also some very good ones.  My favorites are &quot;Man's Best Friend&quot;,&quot;Deep Sexy Space&quot;. and &quot;Me and Myself&quot;.  These tracks are very interesting and diverse.  It is a good time, shocking and very EXPLICET.  Well, worth it for any TRUE Lords fan, not like the other people who wrote reviews here.  Also, see if you can guess what the &quot;Secret&quot; is!!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002I77', u"Although this album is frequently praised as Cobham's best, I suspect that's because the majority of people haven't heard his later releases (not surprising, as the best of his 70s work for Atlantic seems to be permanently mired in back-catalogue hell). So while there are a lot of highlights to this disc, (the furious fusion -shuffle of &quot;Quadrant Four,&quot; with Tommy Bolin--who was never heard in better company-- and Jan Hammer trading hot, hot licks; the relaxed beauty of &quot;Les Lis,&quot; the catchy funk of &quot;Stratus&quot; and &quot;Red Baron&quot; and, of course, Cobham's transcendental soloing) seekers of Billy setting fire to the Muses might do well to scour the vinyl bins for &quot;Crosswinds,&quot; &quot;Total Eclipse&quot; or the live &quot;Shabazz,&quot; any of which have playing--especially from the Brecker Brothers, trombonist Glenn Ferris and the still criminally underrated Bulgarian keyboardist Milcho Leviev--which make &quot;Spectrum&quot; so! und like the raw though exciting effort it is. Also, to be frank, the album was mixed high and hot, and the early 90s CD transfer does nothing to diminish the beating your ears will take if you play it either too loud or through headphones. So my advice is either a) turn it down; b) put some tubes between your CD system and your ears; or c) besiege Atlantic/Rhino to rerelease ALL of Cobham's recordings, properly remastered and with maybe some new notes (HDCD wouldn't be a bad idea, as that format seems to be sucessful in taming this kind of music and making it sound good)."))
(4.0, (u'B000005CG0', u'After having purchased EVERY YES album in 30 years and attending over 25 YES concerts (of which I remember about 20... oh to be young again...) I have found the new tunes to be refreshing and still maintain the old &quot;traditional YES sound&quot;.  It does sound a lot like &quot;90125&quot; with the harmonies and great blends of sound.  I particularly like &quot;Love Shine&quot; as well as &quot;New State of Mind&quot; and &quot;Open Your Eyes&quot;.  The last cut has a &quot;Close to the Edge&quot; theme, without the real music behind it, 25 minutes of off and on sounds on the last cut was not needed on this fine LP.  Keep it up, Chris, Jon, Steve, and Alan.  No really fine Steve Howe solo on this LP.'))
(4.0, (u'B0000025IQ', u"Bad for Good lacks only the vocals of Meat Loaf.  Definitely an evolution of the style and composition of Bat out of Hell, it represents the pinacle of Jim Steinman's art. Tracks such as &quot;Surf's Up&quot; demonstrate that Steinman was not afraid to use the quiet passion of a Piano/Vocal arrangement, where as &quot;Left in The Dark&quot; demonstrated the rich tonal quality and quantity available from a full symphony orchestra. It is a shame that his later work, Bat Out Of Hell 2 included, lack the delicacy of touch of this work, relying over much on overstressed guitars and shear noise for their emphasis.  To use and analogy, imagine the mona-lisa and you have early steinman, imagine it done in day-glo paint and you have late steinman."))
(4.0, (u'B000003S0P', u"Red is probably the strongest album from the Fripp/Wetton/Bruford axis - and sadly, it was their last. A stunning mixture of early Crimson (wafting mellotron, saxes and oboes) with the brain-damaging intensity of the later Crimson (killer Frippian guitar, booming Wetton bass, Bruford's percussives), Red turned the intensity up a notch, as symbolized by the pressure gauge on the back cover. Ian McDonald was ready to rejoin the group for real, but it wasn't meant to be. Guitarist Robert Fripp - keeper of the kingdom - disbanded Crimson after this album was recorded, and the band would lay dorment for over five years, until reincarnated into a completely different line-up."))
(4.0, (u'B0000089AH', u"Vertical Man is a superb example of the great music we've come to know and expect from an ex-Beatle.  It probably won't join the ranks of the best album you ever bought but it sets a great standard.  Most songs are typical of the Beatles message being peace, love, and understanding. It has a definite Beatles sound with the same play on words and wit that Lennon and McCartney were traditionally credited for.  Great sound effects are present and very artistically implanted in all the cuts.  One unique thing about this album is that it is missing the one (or more) cuts you inevitably get that you simply wish had been left out.  Since I grew up paying six dollars for LPs, I'm easily disenchanted when I purchase album isn't listened to the second time.  Fortunately that won't be the case with Vertical Man."))
(4.0, (u'B00000013T', u"Procol Harum's first album sans organist Matthew Fisher, Home is the dividing line between the two camps of Procol devotees: Those who gave up on the band after Fisher left, and those who thought the band was better off without him. On Home, Fisher's sublime, cathedral-like organ passages are replaced by stark, whittled-down arrangements (there are no Salty Dog string sections here) dominated by Robin Trower's bluesy guitar and Gary Brooker's gruff voice and pounding grand piano. New bassist/organist Chris Coppings attempts to emulate Fisher's organ on cuts like Piggy Pig Pig, but lacks Fisher's presence. Titles like Dead Man's Dream and About To Die showcase Brooker and lyricist Keith Reid in a particularly dark state of mind. Still, the epic Whaling Stories more than compensates and is alone worth the price of admission."))
(4.0, (u'B00000063L', u"The most cost-effective introduction to the cult of Richard Thompson, SMALL TOWN ROMANCE draws on all areas of his career, up to the time of it's release.  You get the great hooks ( &quot;How  Many Times&quot;, &quot; I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight&quot;), the great heartbreak songs (&quot;For Shame of Doing Wrong&quot;, &quot;Small Town Romance&quot;), and a rare live version of the non-sentimental sentimental song &quot;Meet On the Ledge&quot;.  The warts-and-all approach ( a few missed notes and audible throat clearing) don't diminish the music in any way - any fan of folk, great guitar playing, and first-rank songwriting will lap this up like a thirsty pup.  Although &quot;Watching the Dark&quot;  is a more comprhensive overview of his career, SMALL TOWN ROMANCE is a wonderful alternative to plump for."))
(4.0, (u'B000000640', u"&quot;guitar/vocal&quot; has been characterized as the &quot;ultimate drool for Thompson fans&quot;, and truer words have never been spoken.  The opening track, &quot;Time Will Show the Wiser&quot;, was the first single from his first band, Fairport Convention, and hearing this instance of primal Thompson is worth the price of admission.  Other standout tracks - live versions of &quot;Night Comes In&quot; (probably the most tender music Thompson has ever done), and &quot;Calvary Cross&quot; (where his solo travels to the heart of darkness in this song, then simply blows the whole thing apart).  The covers here present a short-hand view of his influences - country (&quot;The Dark End of the Street), rock n' roll (&quot;Sweet Little Rock 'n' Roller&quot;), and English folk (&quot;The Pitfall/The Excursion&quot;).  Fairport fans get a taste of &quot;Poor Will and the Jolly Hangman&quot;, inexplicably left off of &quot;Full House&quot;, and a gentle take of the Dylan staple!  &quot;The Ballad of Easy Rider&quot;.  Finally, fans of Linda Thompson's gorgeous gossamer voice  get some choice vocals on &quot;A Heart Needs a Home&quot;, and &quot;Dark End of the Street&quot;. Even if you own &quot;Watching the Dark&quot;, lots of goodies make this a worthwhile purchase.  More casual fans will have many paths to choose from  if they enjoy &quot;guitar/vocal&quot;."))
(4.0, (u'B000001O9D', u"I first saw this band live in the early 1980's at the small, smoke-filled Central Park Grill in Buffalo, New York.  For a $1 cover, patrons could hear them improvise on selections from Tony Williams, Billy Cobham, Jan Hammer, and King Crimson until the wee hours of the morning.  Eventually the band's efforts turned to original compositions, leading to their debut album &quot;Gamalon&quot; in 1987, demonstrating that they possessed excellent creative abilities to complement their superb musicianship. This record was followed by the even better &quot;Aerial View&quot; (on the MCA label, I think) also a jazz-rock instrumental work, in 1990.  This disk emphasized the lightning-fast fingers of guitar master George Puleo and the smoother, jazzier contributions of guitarist Bruce Brucato.  Although tight, intricate, and at times stunning, the record never gained the popular appeal that was expected.  Word on the street was that it was too tough to sell an all-instrumental albu! m.  Gamalon went back to their original label, Amherst, and released their third and last CD in 1991.  &quot;High Contrast&quot; features a few vocal tracks adequately handled by bassist Tom Reinhart, more excellent guitar-based instrumentals, and a bit softer edge compared to &quot;Aerial View&quot;.  To the best of my knowledge, the band ceased to exist shortly thereafter.Mike Hasselbeck"))
(4.0, (u'B000007OZM', u"Listen up people!!!! For all you Slayer, Sepultra, and what I call &quot;Thrash with Class&quot; bands, fans will be happy to know that once again someone has proven that this music scene has NOT and will NOT die. The Haunted rip out incredible, burning guitar riffs and pound you with excellent double bass drumming. You will not be cheated by these guys...A total blessing for mosh fans that like their music talented instead of noisy. &quot;Undead&quot; will take you back to Reign in Blood days and include a slight Beneath the Remains flashback. This band is so tight!!!! I just cannot say enough about them. I truly miss this type of metal. They refresh the soul with a balance of speed, power and vocal lines that you can actually understand what is being said. Great work guys...I anxiously await many more releases from this band. Death and growler (Napalm, Cannibal etc...) fans might as well stay away....this band has WAY to much talent for your listening interests!!!!Cla! ssy Speed Metal FOREVER!!!! (I know 'cuz I'm a 35 yr old professional guitarist)"))
(4.0, (u'B000001Y4R', u"I have been (and still am) a huge fan of drum &amp; bass.  And I think other fans will agree with me when I say that the genre's biggest drawback is, well, the beat.  It can sometimes sound terribly ubiquitous.  No matter.  Plug's &quot;freaky&quot; rythms and programming truly make him &quot;master of all.&quot;  The samples are well-placed and some of the sequences are, to be blunt, plain fun.  It may sound like everything else at first listen (a friend of mine rolled his eyes, saying, &quot;oh, not this drum &amp; bass thing again.&quot; when I had it on the stereo), but let it break that protective membrane that stops you from stopping and reconsidering, ultimately turning you into your parents, and let Plug insert about 80 or more snare hits per minute into your conscious mind."))
(4.0, (u'B000002VT6', u"Overall, this is a pretty weird album. But nevertheless, not dissapointing. &quot;Building A Mystery&quot;'s lyrics are totally way out there, but the music's pretty cool! &quot;Sweet Surrender&quot; is my favorite song on the album. They lyrics are deep, and the music is fast paced and great for dancing. I feel that the song &quot;Adia&quot; is sort of an anthem for divorced housewives. It's a song about a failing marriage, but still captures innocence. &quot;Angel,&quot; my second favorite, is a soft piano tune about how you can find relief from the pressures of life in the arms of an angel. &quot;Last Dance&quot; is a perfect finale for the album. It sort of reminds me of walking through the woods on an Autumn night. This _is_ a pretty cool album!"))
(4.0, (u'6303236685', u"Based on Richard Rashke's account of the only successful organised Jewish uprising against Nazis from within death-camp barbed wire, &quot;Escape from Sobibor&quot; is an admirable effort adapted for film. Despite its often melodramatic made-for-TV overtones (something cliche'd and rather inappropriate for such a weighty and sombering event in human history), the film captures the painful struggles, defiance against the ugliest of tyranny, and ultimate triumph of the Jewish prisoners over their oppressors. Unlike &quot;Schindler's List,&quot; which unfortunately represented its Jewish characters in a one-dimensional and consistently passive light, this film presents us with strong, well-developed characters, from numerous backgrounds and levels of experience, who are justifiably angry and rebellious against the Nazis. The characters are well-acted, with all the passion, heart, spirit, and SOUL it undoubtedly must take to play such demanding and emotionally draining role! s. I recommend this movie fully; it will touch viewers with the spirit of sorrow amid triumph, and vice versa.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000002SM0', u"The Complete Symphonic Recording of Miss Saigon has its ups and downs.  The first thing that comes to mind when you hear it is: they could have picked any Chris in the world and they picked Peter Cousens?!  True, Cousens is not the best Chris, but he isn't that bad.  Ruthie Henshall is a much better Fantine in Les Miserables than Ellen in MS, but she is acceptable.  Joanna Ampil is an excellant Kim, she is currently playing the role in London, but Lea Salonga, the original Kim, will always be the best.  Kevin Gray is an exceptional Engineer and I think he is more suited for the part than Jonathan Pryce was. Charles Azulay (Thuy) and Hinton Battle (John) are also much better than the John and Thuy on the OLC, in my opinion.  Also, this the complete recording and more up to date than the OLC.  If you really love Miss Saigon, I suggest you have both recordings, like me."))
(4.0, (u'B000003RFQ', u"This release shows a bit of a turn in KMFDM's sound, one that has persisted on the group's latter two efforts as well.  The industrio/metal/funk group essentially ups the production, making the songs thick and multi-layered, like it never has before. Lyrical genious it ain't, and musical innovators they will never be, but a truly enjoyable feast it is.  KMFDM don't inhabit a complex world of duality or etheral musings, (you won't find any NIN-help-me-i'm-so-miserable rants on this album) and they make no bones about it. KMFDM is a punk band at best, and just a bunch of punks at worst. If you like massive beats intertwined with metal riffing, crooning female vocals and aggressive male shouting and grumbling of degradation at its finest, than dig in. Welcome to the world of KMFDM, where the black and white only greys when trying to make sense of their album covers, which are great by the way."))
(4.0, (u'5558783532', u"With completely new personnel (aside from founding member Robert Fripp), a new lyricist and a new attitude, King Crimson returned with a vengeance on this, their fifth U.S. album. Adopting a heavier, more streamlined approach, the Fripp/Wetton/Bruford/Cross/Muir line-up sizzles like a volcano ready to explode. Gone are the gentle cellos and woodwinds of the previous LP, Islands - replaced with Cross' searing violin, Muir's eccentric purcussion and Fripp sounding heavier than ever on guitar. The mellotron is understated, while Wetton's bass thunders and Bruford manages the syncopated arrangements beautifully on drums. Highlights include the title cut (parts one and two), Exiles and the plaintive Book Of Saturdays. This album is considered the strongest post-In The Court Of The Crimson King album by the band (and really can't be compared to that album, as this is basically a completely different band - with similarities in name only)."))
(4.0, (u'B0000027G3', u"Until six months ago I'd never heard a single song by Mott the Hoople.  However, after reading a number of good reviews from diverse sources I decided it was time to check out the goods, and this collection seemed to be the most comprehensive available (which, as far as I know, it is).  Having digested the contents, a far wiser man than before presents you with 5 good reasons to purchase this CD:1.  &quot;Sea Diver&quot; - OK, so it's got all the hallmarks of 70's power ballad schlock (strings, a monumental blast of instrumentation in the middle), but it's also got something many similar songs don't have - passion, and the ability to make you believe that the singer actually cares about what he's singing.  Great stuff.2.  &quot;Ballad of Mott the Hoople&quot; - mix one part Dylan twang, two parts world-weariness and some restrained instrumentation and you've got this song, a ballad for the ages.  And has there ever been a better summation of the lure of fame th! an &quot;I wish I'd never wanted then, what I want now twice as much&quot;?3.  &quot;I Wish I Was Your Mother&quot; - words fail me.  A beautiful song.4.  &quot;All The Way From Memphis&quot; - this song is damn near irresistable, sweeping the listener along with its seamless mix of piano, guitars, horns and massed-voice choruses.  The stand-out track.5.  &quot;Sweet Jane&quot;, about as good as a cover of a great song can get; &quot;Roll Away The Stone&quot;, which chugs along quite nicely; &quot;Foxy Foxy&quot;, unfairly derided by Robert Christgau, an overblown ballad which ranks with Brandy Alexanders as the consummate guilty pleasure ...I could go on, but I won't.  Suffice to say that this CD is the antidote for anyone suffering from an overdose of passionless, plastic music, and feels like having a bit of fun to boot.  Highly recommended."))
(4.0, (u'B000007OED', u"Everybody knew that they were coming with more ska and reggae tunes, maybe because of the success of &quot;Time Bomb&quot; and stuff. Radical punks might not like the album and some fake HC-boys might be keep telling everybody that the new album sounds like Pato Banton. Forget everything you read and heard about Rancid. &quot;Life Won't Wait&quot; is the most intriguing Rancid's album. They didn't follow a formula, they're not giving a damn  about success. Everything is there, strong and catching: punk, HC, ska, rockabilly, reggae and Marky Ramone as well. Matt Freeman is still the best punk-rock bassist around the world. Make a session with your friends: take &quot;London Calling&quot;, &quot;The Specials&quot; and &quot;Life Won't Wait&quot; and be happy!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000006PMH', u"I'm a Kansas fan since 1977. I've always distrusted from the &quot;shynphonic albums&quot;. Generally they offer boring versions of classics. But this one sounds impressive. It doesn't matter if the orchestra was recorded in London and the band did it in Kansas (many famous albums have been done by phone). Robbie's back is well received, but David Ragsdale plays the violin far, far better. Steve's voice sounds old and shabby (but he do a great effort). Two questions: 1)why the band doesn't play songs from the period 1982 - 88?; 2)why, with the possibility of making a hole new album, it does not include all new compositions, and continue the tendency of the amazing (at least, for me) &quot;Freaks of Nature&quot;?."))
(4.0, (u'B000007Q8J', u"After first listening to Car Wheels, I admit that I was ready to bring the CD back.  I was not at all surprised that Williams had written hit songs for other artists but had failed torecord a hit song herself.  &quot;A songwriter without a voice&quot; I thought.  In time, however, Car Wheels on a Gravel Road (with the exception of the odious song 'Joy') grew on me and I found myself humming the songs everywhere I went.  It struck me as I was driving early one evening that the way she sings her songs is the way they NEED to be sung.  In the hands of other artists, her words become superficial and stale.  William's voice drips with emotion and the music adds to the experience.  On my list the CD began at 1 star and has progressively moved up to four.  If it hits five (and I think that it may), I'll let you know."))
(4.0, (u'B000005C41', u"At first listen, every track on this album sounded exactly the same. I admire Stephin Merrit greatly, so I was eager to listen and listen. The songs all do tend to have a similar ring, but you just have to accept it as &quot;the sound&quot;. I mean, when you buy some rock CD and every song has Guitar, Bass, Drums, and Vocals, you don't say &quot;Every song sounds the same!&quot; This album is so brilliant, and was quite refreshing in the time that I bought it. The unabashedly blissful melodies, the various squirts and pops, all of the Casio CZ-series keyboards! I love this album and highly recommend it to anyone into naive indie pop, or oldschool Depeche Mode and New Order. The songs &quot;Hopeless&quot; and &quot;You're So Beautiful&quot; will make their way on EVERY mix tape you make for your friends. Even Ace of Base fans will love this, if they're smart. If you have liked Magnetic Fields, but crave more synth-oriented stuff like on the 6ths' CD, you should really bu! y this."))
(4.0, (u'B0000084J7', u"Take Debussy's Claire de Lune, add some feedback and silent bits, sprinkle in a touch of Martin Fetltham's awesome electric harmonica, an upright bass that could stress a hip-hop addict's car stereo, lyrics that are more intrumental than clear (they are quite poetic and are in the liner for the curious), and an excellent production/mixing and you will come close to this.  Much more mellow than prior releases...Robbie McIntosh and Martin Ditcham are back, but Tim Friese-Greene is gone.  :-(  Still, Mark has certainly stretched even -his- envelope with this one.  Much more disciplined, yet there is still evidence of creative freedom.  Well worth the extra currency.  Go for it."))
(4.0, (u'B000006Q0E', u"I truly enjoy 6 out of the 10 tracks on this CD and that alone should say to you how I feel about it. Very well done. Cassidy's singing is right on target and my personal favorites, &quot;You Were The One&quot; and Sheltered In Your Arms&quot; have become my 2 favorite songs in all of my CD collection. I listen to them often.Although I enjoy most of Old Trick New Dog I just can't seem to take to the new sound of the very much touted &quot;I think I Love You&quot; remake. The same goes for the disco/club like version of &quot;I Woke Up In Love This Morning&quot;.After all is said and done, This is a CD that in my opinion, will truly enhance your personal collection. Good music, well written words and a unique vocalist that can take you through a spectrum of emotions the way that only a seasoned, well talented entertainer can. Buy and enjoy!"))
(4.0, (u'B000007Q84', u'Latifah has remained almost constant in the ideals she supports through her music, which on its own is a breath of fresh air and should be admired.  What she has done, which is equally as notable, is widen her artistic range as a musician, showing her fans that she can churn out a melodic tune or two.  Admittedly, she needs to work on refining her new flavor but it is not only interesting but groovy.  Latifah is showing her fans and detractors that she can THINK and visualize beyond her established formulas.  The sign of a great artist, the ability to diverse and take risks in their safe and established domains.  Latifah has paid her dues and has the right to experiment with her work, and &quot;Order in the Court&quot; shows us how she has done this quite successfully.  The Queen belongs in this calibre.  All Hail the Queen!!!'))
(4.0, (u'B0000046WB', u'Jazz Samba Encore is the best Getz Bossa Nova album to buy after you own "Getz/Gilberto" and "Jazz Samba". The is the Bossa Nova - Samba trio to own! "Jazz Samba" was one of the best selling Jazz albums of all time. This was an attempt by Norm Granz at Verve to pair Getz with more Brazilians to capitalize on that success, but is is no way a lesser accomplishment as an album.Melodic. Mostly instrumental Samba, some vocals. Lyrical Getz sails, pours out beautiful notes, as usual. Contrast Singer Maria Toledo with Asrid Gilberto of the evergreen "Getz/Gilberto". Maria has a voice with a better dynamic range, and more expressive voice than the Astrud Gilberto. (Astrud, Joao Gilberto\'s wife, had no musical training before "Getz/ Gilberto" was recorded, but Getz insisted...)Luis Bonfa, composer of "Manha de Carnivale" from movie "Black Orpheus" is among sidemen.Acoustic is live and slightly echoey despite being played in a studio.Favorite cuts include Minina Flor, Ebony Samba & Insensatez, but there\'s not a bad cut on the album. Sunny & upbeat. As much of Getz catalog disappears, (along with other Jazz greats) this album perseveres.Stan Getz remains the anitdote to a world of stress.'))
(4.0, (u'B0000032TX', u"Unlike the previous reviewer, who questioned the inclusion of the Wildweed's &quot;No Good To Cry,&quot; I was ecstatic to finally re-find the song, the original 45 rpm version of which I lost long ago. &quot;No Good To Cry&quot; only peaked out at about #80 something on Billboard, but made #1 in Hartford, CT when it was released in spring '67.  I loved the song and it brings back great memories.  Other classics on the CD, like &quot;Hang On Sloopy,&quot; &quot;Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye,&quot; are solid.  I downgraded my rating to four stars because I wasn't crazy about Crazy Elephant, Hombres, or 5th Estate's entry."))
(4.0, (u'B000005OG2', u"I really didn't know what to think of this record. I had never listened to any of Cybill Shepherd's music so I really had no idea and found no samples anywhere on the web.I decided to go for it anyway and buy the CD, and I don't regret it a bit.It's a nice, happy and diverse album, with exactly the kind of music one would expect from a woman coming from Memphis and who has, among other things, dated Elvis. ;-)It makes for 45 enjoyable minutes. Really makes me think Cybill Shepherd loves life and manages to convey some of this feeling with her music."))
(4.0, (u'B0000006P1', u'One of my all time favorite Getz albums, for what that\'s worth.Very high on the list!"Antigny" is VERY sad, like an eligy. "Spring is Here" is melancholy and wistful but played with an inner peace. "Easy Living" is warm. "There we go" is the only complex upbeat tune. The title track is playful.This is the ballad half of the "Pure Getz" concert (I think this is the much better half, despite it\'s delayed release).  Mostly Standards Getz meshes well with other players in the band. Ensemble playing is as close to perfect as it gets. With a sense of effortless lightness.ROMANTIC, Smoky, Lyrical, Blue fog notes. Good for late night listening. Lyrical and melancholy.These Concord albums are rapidly going out of stock. Buy it while you can!!!Excellent recording quality. Highest recommendation! One of Stan\'s best posthumous releases. Wish I could change rating to 5 stars (or more).'))
(4.0, (u'0780629450', u'Hamlet: the filmThere\'s an undeniable magnificence to Kenneth Branagh\'s sometimes perfect film version of Hamlet - lavish, epic, BIG and (in contrast to most other versions of Hamlet) colourful. But with all due respect to the brilliance of the film-maker and the outstanding qualities of the production, for my money it was OVER DIRECTED. Now, I\'m someone who really enjoyed the Zeffirelli version with Mel Gibson - so you can decide right now if you want to continue reading this turkey\'s review. The cold, stony Elisinor of Zeffirelli\'s film seemed a far more apt location for a Hamlet than Branagh\'s sparkling Versailles-like palace. To illustrate, the famous &quot;To be or not to be&quot; soliloquy worked much better the Zeffirelli\'s crypt that in Branagh\'s Hall of Mirrors.And here is were we have the major sticking point for me. Branagh made much of his use of the Hall of Mirrors in the text version , and a reading of this sequence shows what might have been a highl! y effective moment - but it was lost in the final editing! The sequence was supposed to look like Hamlet was reciting the soliloquy to Claudius (Hamlet screenplay by Kenneth Branagh, paperback version: p. 77 - "We cut between the two"), but in the final cut the camera lingers lingers lingers lingers on Hamlet. A great artistic cinematic moment has been consigned to oblivion!And this leads to my final negative: the too busy camera work. Branagh, to my mind, stuffed up his Frankenstein with the overuse of the "circling steadicam"  (you know, where the actors are in the middle and the camera circles them, usually to connote a very tense moment between them) - and I\'m afraid this dreaded device is back in Hamlet. Mate, Shakespeare\'s WORDS and the superb acting of your cast are enough, you don\'t need camera tricks! The best version of Hamlet I ever saw, and the one to which I must compare all Hamlets, starred Richard Roxburgh as Hamlet and Geoffrey Rush as Horatio. It was on sta! ge with virtually no set and, of course, no camera work. Th! e sheer power of the words in the mouths of such fine actors was more than enough to carry away the audience. Yes, cinema is different, but the camera work in Branagh\'s Hamlet too often TOOK AWAY from the text rather than enhancing it.The positives: great acting from all, and SO WHAT about Jack Lemmon? Marcellus is hardly a pivotal role and it was interesting to see Felix Unger in something so different from his usual stuff. Richard Briers\' Polonius was absolutely outstanding - a superb interpretation thanks both to Briers\' acting and Branagh\'s writing of the part. Derek Jacobi was also terrific as Claudius, and I also really liked Charlton Heston\'s Player King very much. I\'m just singling out a few, but almost everyone was in top form - and lots of the credit for that has to go to Branagh!It\'s also a credit to Branagh that he did THE WHOLE PLAY! Good on him! It\'s so rarely done, even on stage. It must be an incredible challenge to sustain a vision for such a long shoot.!A great movie indeed, but not the greatest movie or even the greatest Shakespeare movie (just to limit it to Branagh, both Henry V and Much Ado About Nothing are more successful movies overall - again, TO ME). Nevertheless, when it comes to filming Shakespeare, no one beats Branagh (certainly not Baz Luhrman). I can\'t wait for his next one!!  END'))
(4.0, (u'B000002LOE', u'After flirting with mainstream success for a few albums, R.E.M. finally became international megastars with the success of their seventh album Out of Time. It\'s always amazed me that this album was as successful as it was. Don\'t get me wrong, it\'s a great album although it\'s far from their best work. But think of the musical landscape when Out of Time came out -- people like Mariah Carey, Wilson Phillips and Michael Bolton were all over the radio at that time. Then this rock band from Athens, Georgia puts out a decidedly non-rock album and it soars to #1. And remember, this was right before Nirvana broke big and other alternative bands flooded the market. Amazing.Or maybe it wasn\'t so amazing. After all, there was "Losing My Religion" -- still one of the most brilliant songs in the R.E.M. songbook. It\'s catchy, beautiful and enigmatic and it didn\'t hurt that the music video was just as beautiful and enigmatic and ran on MTV constantly. Just a perfect song. Oh, but then there was the album\'s other hit -- "Shiny Happy People" -- which must have been written as a slap in the face to all those people who thought "Stand" was the dumbest song ever. "Shiny Happy People" is exactly what it proclaims -- shiny and happy, for better or worse. It\'ll either bring a smile to your face or encourage you to jam a pencil into your eardrum.In addition to "Losing My Religion," the other highlight on this album for me is "Country Feedback," which is just dripping in melancholy and emotion, and features a stunning guitar Peter Buck guitar solo as Michael Stipe pleads "I need this..." It\'s a gut wrenching performance that comes across even better live.Other highlights include the enigmatic spoken word number "Belong," the very pretty instrumental "Endgame," and the bouncy "Me In Honey," which Stipe said was his answer to the 10,000 Maniacs song "Eat For Two." Mike Mills takes over the lead vocals on two songs -- the Beach Boys-esque "Near Wild Heaven" and the Moody Blues-esque "Texarkana." Rapper KRS-One lends a hand (and a rap) on the funky "Radio Song" and B-52 Kate Pierson pops up on a few songs, most notably on "Shiny Happy People" and "Me In Honey." Actually, it\'s interesting how much of a backseat Michael Stipe takes on this album. The first person you hear on the album is KRS-One and the last person you hear is Kate Pierson. Then there\'s the instrumental song and the two songs which feature Mike Mills instead . Stipe definitely has a presence on Out of Time but he\'s featured much less here on any other R.E.M. album.All in all, it\'s a beautiful album with a few flaws -- I never personally cared much for "Low" or "Shiny Happy People," and there are some songs that I thought were just okay, like "Radio Song" and "Texarkana." But the album\'s highlights -- "Losing My Religion" and "Country Feedback" -- are so stunning and so perfect that they make the entire album a treasure.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002MFM', u"I &quot;discovered&quot; this one a few years ago while I was working as a DJ at my college radio station. I loved it-- I loved it so much, in fact, that I &quot;appropriated&quot; it from the station (something I normally don't do)... Of course, the station asked me to return it and I was forced to buy my own copy. There's my Daniel Lanois story.  This one is more complex, musically and lyrically, than &quot;Acadie&quot; and shows that, in addition to being superproducer to the superstars (U2, Peter Gabriel, and, recently, Bob Dylan), Lanois has spent a great deal of time honing his own talent. Still, his own music is very much like the work he produces for others-- it's not about the latest fad, it's about stimulating, challenging music that will stand the test of time. If you're ready for a surreal ride, this one's for you. But, please, buy a copy--don't steal it from someone."))
(4.0, (u'B000002PGM', u'R.E.M. had taken a major step toward the mainstream with Lifes Rich Pageant, their first gold album. Document built upon that success, becoming the band\'s first platinum album and yielding one Top 10 hit in "The One I Love" and two minor chart hits in "Finest Worksong" and the Dylan-esque apocalyptic romp "It\'s The End of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)," which has become a huge fan favorite. To their credit, the band managed to attract their new fans without alienating their old ones. R.E.M. had arrived.There are some remarkable similarities between Document and Lifes Rich Pageant. "Finest Worksong" replaced "Begin The Begin" as the opening call-to-arms track. "Welcome To The Occupation," addressing the country\'s policies toward Central America, is sort of a sequel to "The Flowers of Guatemala." "Strange," like "Superman" on Pageant, was Document\'s resident cover song. Above all, both albums are loud, upbeat, and listener friendly.Document is far more political than Pageant, however, and is arguably the most scathing political album in the R.E.M. catalog. Keep in mind, this album did come out in 1987 at the tail end of the Reagan Iran-Contra era and R.E.M., like a lot of people, weren\'t happy about where the country was at that point in time. Hence, you get "Finest Worksong," where the band tries to summon the masses to action, and the aforementioned "Welcome To The Occupation," and "Exhuming McCarthy" which just blasts blind American patriotism and jingoism -- although it does it over a ridiculously catchy beat. Most of the songs here are catchy, actually, which kind of belies the album\'s darker themes.Document roars to life from the very beginning and I think the first half of the album -- from "Finest Worksong" to "It\'s the End of the World..." is really great. But the album becomes a little more uneven after that. Sure, "The One I Love" was a Top 10 hit, but it also comes dangerously close to the realm of standard Classic Rock. "Fireplace" features a brilliant saxophone solo but is otherwise unremarkable. Same for "Lightnin\' Hopkins" which is kind of fun and manic, but hardly among the band\'s best songs. And the album wraps up with the grim and ominous "Oddfellows Local 151," which never really did much for me.The one highlight, for me, on the second half of the album is "King of Birds," which is one of those buried gems in the R.E.M. catalog. With its marching drums (kind of a throwback to Reckoning\'s "Time After Time"), psychedelic guitar touches, layered vocals, and Michael\'s brilliant lyrics, "King of Birds" is a real treat.Document marked the end of the road with I.R.S. Records for R.E.M. as they would move on to Warner Brothers for their next album, Green. The move to a major label was inevitable, as the band had shown steady progress over their five albums with I.R.S.. They were, as Rolling Stone proclaimed, "America\'s Best Rock & Roll Band" and the next challenge ahead of them was to go global.'))
(4.0, (u'B000003AGB', u"This cd definately represents the NO LIMIT record label.  If you like throwin' bows, bouncin' your head, getting in your boy or your girl's face saying &quot;UHHHGGG!&quot;, then you need to get this cd. Some of the songs could have been booted to make just one cd, but you be the judge.  And I don't know, the two different versions of &quot;No Limit Soldiers&quot; sound the same to me. I did like &quot;TRU ?'s&quot; because I am a true Eazy E fan and they did do some justice to the original.  If you're havin' a bad day, this is definately the cd to listen to, unless you have a quick temper, you may want to wait and listen to it when you cool off. TRU will make you get 'BOUT IT!!!!! UUUUHHHGG!!!!!! If you like this, check out Mystikal's &quot;Unpredictable&quot;, Silkk the Shocker's &quot;Charge It 2 Da Game&quot;.  PEACE."))
(4.0, (u'B000002LFU', u'Green isn\'t my favorite album in the R.E.M. discography, but it will always hold a special place in my heart because it was my introduction to my favorite band. In the spring of 1990, when I was 15 years old, I bought Green on a whim for $2 at a flea market and a whole new world opened up for me.Green was a new beginning for R.E.M. as well -- their first major label release after a solid career at I.R.S. records that netted them one gold album (Lifes Rich Pageant), one platinum album (Document), one Top 10 hit ("The One I Love") and, courtesy of Rolling Stone, the title of "America\'s Best Rock and Roll Band." Expectations were high for the band, and they met those expectations with Green and the massive world tour that followed. Warner Brothers, to their credit, let R.E.M. be R.E.M. and didn\'t place a lot of demands on the band for big chart-topping singles. Given that freedom, the band was able to produce a big diverse rock album that was both an artistic and a commercial success.Green has a little bit of everything -- from the bubblegum pop of songs like "Stand," "Get Up," and "Pop Song 89" to bombastic rockers like "Orange Crush" and "Turn You Inside-Out" to moody, reflective songs like "You Are The Everything," "World Leader Pretend," "Hairshirt," and "The Wrong Child." It\'s a remarkable display of the band\'s talent. There simply aren\'t that many bands (if any) that could pull off something as diverse as Green.Having said that, the album, as a whole, really doesn\'t grab me as much as some of their other albums do (like Automatic For The People) although several of my favorite R.E.M. songs are here, including the stunning and powerful "World Leader Pretend," which may be my all-time favorite. I also love the swagger of "Turn You Inside-Out" and the emotion of "The Wrong Child," which is told from the point of view of a handicapped child. The furious "Orange Crush" is an all out assault, with Peter Buck doing his best impression of The Edge. And few bands can write pop songs like R.E.M., when the mood hits them -- "Pop Song 89" is all bounce, "Stand" just makes me smile, and Bill Berry\'s idea to play music boxes in the middle of "Get Up" was just inspired.R.E.M. really came through with their major label debut. Green is a great album. Still, the best was really yet to come with the commercial success of Out of Time and their masterpiece, Automatic For The People.'))
(4.0, (u'B000006XQP', u"They were loved by the critics (at least for a while) and by a few other people, but the Sheffield-based Comsat Angels never made the big time. And why? God knows. They had the talent, the songs, the drive and they were there when they were most needed. 'Fiction', their theird Polydor-album, released in 1982, maybe had them at their best, with composer/singer and guitarist Stephen Follows working his way through 'classics' like 'After The Rain', 'It's History' and 'Now I Know'. This wasn't new wave, this was another wave, sound and solid, melancholy and strong, and thank God, now available on CD."))
(4.0, (u'B000002NI8', u"A smashing debut by the twin daughters of one of country's greatest ladies. Get ready for a delightful mix of the kind of teary ballad (It Hurts Me) that Loretta and Tammy did so well, plus some spunky contemporary tunes (Cry Cry Baby.) What keeps it from a perfect 5? One or two rhythms are hard to pick up, making it a challenge to sing along with. However, the lyrics are catchy enough to make it worth repeating until you know the songs by heart. The harmonies reminded me of the early Loretta Lynn/Patsy Cline duets - almost eerily familliar. My favorite cut? It's hard to choose, but probably Crazy World of Love:true sentiment, catchy tune. I originally bought this album as a gamble, to see what Loretta Lynn's daughters were capable of. Now I can't wait for the next one! Enjoy."))
(4.0, (u'B000002B30', u"Actually I wouldn't have bought Greatest Hits if it WEREN'T for the new tracks because I have every album anyway and can record my own mixes. But what about &quot;I'm On Fire&quot;, &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot;, &quot;Fire&quot;, ANYTHING but &quot;Murder Inc&quot; or &quot;Secret Garden&quot;. I was also fooled by the video Blood Brothers and thought we might get &quot;Without You&quot; (wasn't that a reminder of the other Bruce) or &quot;High Hopes.&quot; Thank God Bruce knows he can't please all the people all the time and does whatever he damn wants. I'd rather he feel ok with it than me feel ok with it."))
(4.0, (u'B000000END', u"Michael Johnson is a classically trained guitarist who is equally at home playing folk, jazz, or country guitar.  This album blends several styles from his varied repertoire, from the jazzy &quot;Old Fashioned Love&quot; to the philosophical title tune &quot;Departure.&quot; There are ten others to enjoy along the way, with Alison Krauss performing backup vocal on three tunes and playing on one. Add the thoughtful lyrics, and you have a satisfying album.&quot;Miami Beach&quot; is the story of a 30's beauty who, from her wicker chair world tells today's youth, &quot;I must be your future 'cause you surely are my past.&quot;In &quot;Dirty Hands and Dirty Faces,&quot; we hear a father's dialog with his young son, &quot;I hope you'll be more kind and understanding with your dad than I was with mine.&quot;In the bittersweet &quot;Imogene&quot; he asks whether it's some sort of sign that &quot;Everybody's playing good time music, but no one's having a good time&quot;! ; and ultimately admits sadly, &quot;Time goes by, and so did I.&quot;Through them all, Johnson's guitar artistry shows through. He is equally at home playing the cheerful riff behind &quot;Miami Beach&quot; to the vaguely Native American background to his early tune &quot;Cain's Blood.&quot; His fans will enjoy this album, and those who have never heard his work will find it a good introduction to his talents."))
(4.0, (u'B000000OS7', u'They were grouped with the punk bands, then the new wave bands and finally trascended these ghettos to be recognized as a first class band with two great, distinctive songwriters.Clearly, at their best, Andy Partridge and Colin Moulding fit in well with their peers including Elvis Costello and Graham Parker in terms of their songwriting ability. Like these contemporaries, their progression as songwriters showed a depth and skill that eluded most of their peers.This album combines the best of early XTC, driving rock songs with a punk edge, with the melodic wit of their later music(very similiar to mid-period Kinks, midperiod 10cc).A fine album to begin collecting with.'))
(4.0, (u'0792151712', u"While it is hard to say that this was the best picture of last year (it truly wasn't) it still deserves the strong praise it received.Not since Atlanta was burned in Gone With the Wind has  Hollywood produced a movie that is great epic spectacle. It is a  reminder of what a great epic, diaster movie should be in comparison  to the awful, trite, &quot;movies&quot; Hollywood has shelled out over  the last couple years; Godzilla, Independence Day, etc.Despite  that Titantic is plagued with awful dialouge (most of it given to  Leonardo DiCaprio- word to Leo- want an Oscar nomination demand better  lines like your co-stars Kate Winslet and Gloria Stuart), over-acting  (Billy Zane- an actor who hasn't found a role to show what kind of  actor he probably is- shouldn't be blamed; James Cameron should), and  its overabundance of chees (ok I cried at the end to, but c'mon  on). Also, this movie did not deserve Best Picture or Best  Director. L.A. Confidential did. However, Titanic get! s a second  place in my book for a sprawling incredible dipiction of the greatest  disaster of all time.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000000OBN', u"I'm surprised no-one has reviewed this one up until now.  &quot;The Miracle&quot; is a breezy, confident work, with Roger Taylor's strident drumming dominating the sound of the set.  The band is still in fine form, yet there is an air of finality around this record, in its reflective and soul-searching lyrics, hinting at Freddie's impending ill-health.  The songs command your attention right from the word go, with 'Party'/'Khashoggi's Ship' rocking with the best of them.  The other songs range from the anthemic ('I Want It All', 'Was It All Worth It') to lighthearted fun pop ('The Invisible Man' - listen out for the mention of each band-member's name in this track!).  The title song could very well rival Lennon's 'Give Peace A Chance' in it's plea for mutual love and understanding. It's video clip is a must-see (as are the videos of the other singles off this album) as it shows kids playing younger versions of Queen in 3 variations of the Queen attire through the ages,!  followed by the band themselves joining the kids onstage during the song's finale.  'Breakthru' is an energetic tune, also bringing Taylor's drums to the forefront of Queen's sound.  In a nutshell, this offering shows that the foursome were still at their prime, evolving and getting better at it than ever.  And the cover never ceases to amaze me (Love those morphed heads!  Try to guess whose eyes belong to whom.)  I prefer this album to their earlier 80's efforts such as 'A Kind of Magic' and 'The Works', but it doesn't really compare to their seventies masterpieces, so go and explore their back catalogue if you want utter musical brilliance.  Otherwise, this album is strong, uplifting and true to Queen form."))
(4.0, (u'B000002MKM', u"Neil Young appeared on MTV's &quot;Unplugged&quot; series after the release of his &quot;Harvest Moon&quot; album. Like that album, &quot;Unplugged&quot; definitely puts firm emphasis on Neil's mellow side, which in this case yields beautiful results. The material spans the artist's whole career, from Buffalo Springfield (a haunting, stripped-down &quot;Mr. Soul&quot;) to his early solo triumphs (&quot;The Old Laughing Lady,&quot; &quot;The Needle And The Damage Done&quot;), from CSN&amp;Y (&quot;Helpless&quot;) to the mid-'70s &quot;dark&quot; period (&quot;World On A String&quot;), from the Crazy Horse guitar hero days (a radically reworked &quot;Like A Hurricane&quot;) to the then-current &quot;Harvest Moon&quot; period (several tracks). My personal gripe is that there's no material from 1974's &quot;On The Beach&quot; (tell me &quot;Ambulance Blues&quot; wouldn't have made this a five-star disc), but the beautiful acoustic reading of the previously electronic &quot;! Transformer Man,&quot; from the much-maligned &quot;Trans&quot; album, makes up for it: the performance casts a familiar song in a refreshingly new light, always a neat trick if you can pull it off. (The previously unreleased &quot;Stringman&quot; is also a nice bonus.) Neil is alone for part of the show, until he is joined by pals including Nils Lofgren, Ben Keith, Tim Drummond, Nicolette Larson, and Young's sister, Astrid Young. All do quite well, especially during a take of &quot;Harvest Moon&quot; that is actually more beautiful than the album version (which is saying a lot)."))
(4.0, (u'B00000016K', u"While most blues/Clapton enthusiasts are sure to give this double CD a 5-star rating, I refrain from doing so only because Cream isn't amongst my absolute favourite bands.  Sure, I recognise this album's musical worth, as ground-breaking and influential as it was for its time, and I enjoy the material contained within, but as for being a classic, it just doesn't make the grade for me.Cream were renowned for their punchy blues-rock anthems, and this their third offering contains the excellent 'White Room', their interpretation of 'Born Under A Bad Sign' as well as their signature blues tune 'Politician'.  The first CD, where the aforementioned tracks appear, was recorded in the studio, while the second CD contains lengthy blues jams recorded live at the Fillmore East.  Depending on your preference, either one or both CDs may tickle your fancy.  Many musicians revere the Live recording, as it gives full scope to each of the threesome's awesome musical prowess, as they ! stretch improvisations to the outer limits.  This may prove too long and 'boring' for some, who may indeed prefer the shorter, more accessible tunes found on the first CD.  As a whole, the album showcases the powertrio at the height of their powers.  For those wishing to obtain a more concise overview of Cream's music, any one of their &quot;Best of&quot;... collections is recommended.  Those in a more adventurous mood will love &quot;Wheels Of Fire&quot;."))
(4.0, (u'B000002KDG', u"&quot;Thrasher,&quot; track 2 on this CD, may be the greatest song I've ever heard. I don't say things like that all the time; I might say it in regard to &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; or &quot;Don't Worry Baby&quot; or &quot;I Want You&quot; (Elvis Costello's) ... and for me &quot;Thrasher&quot; belongs in the same league. It's not a slick performance; it was actually recorded live in concert with the applause mixed out (like much of the rest of this album) with only Neil on vocal, harmonica, and acoustic 12-string guitar. But it's very sophisticated, in conception, language, musicality, and execution, and more important it drips with drop-dead beauty, not to mention meaning. Alone it's worth the price of this disc, but other major works abound (the amazing &quot;Pocahontas,&quot; &quot;Ride My Llama,&quot; &quot;Powderfinger,&quot; the pair of &quot;My My, Hey Hey&quot; classics). The punkish Crazy Horse stompers &quot;Welfare Mothers&quot; and &quot;Sedan Delivery&qu! ot; don't really do it for me, but who cares? Along with &quot;On The Beach&quot; and &quot;Tonight's The Night,&quot; I'd say it's the pinnacle of Neil Young's achievement as an artist."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025T6', u"I admire the Boss for having the guts to follow up 1980's smash &quot;The River&quot; with this dark, moody acoustic release. He was on the cusp of major stardom and he knew it, but he let his artistic instincts have their way, and the result is this beautiful work of art, recorded at home on a 4-track cassette machine as a demo that the E Street Band couldn't improve on in the studio. After being carried around in Springsteen's back pocket for several weeks, the demo cassette was mastered to disk and that's what we have here. Beyond the recording aspect, the songs are some of Springsteen's best and most evocative (play &quot;Open All Night&quot; on your car tape deck while the sun's just coming up and you'll get chills). The calm before the storm (musical and otherwise) of &quot;Born In The U.S.A.,&quot; and an artistic triumph."))
(4.0, (u'B000002694', u"Few records in the history of the music industry have been as hyped as this one. Bruce was the reigning king of American rock in the mid-1980s, and this album hit the market with the force of the head-on collision Bruce roars about in &quot;Badlands.&quot; That and several other selections on this set (&quot;Born To Run,&quot; &quot;Racing In The Street,&quot; &quot;The River,&quot; &quot;Reason To Believe&quot;) surpass the original recorded versions, while others don't quite make it (&quot;Hungry Heart,&quot; &quot;Born In The U.S.A.,&quot; &quot;Cover Me&quot;), and still others sound like carbon copies of their live-in-the-studio counterparts (the rest of the &quot;Born In The U.S.A.&quot; selections). More than a decade after all the hype and the hoopla, the album holds up amazing well, but that should be no surprise coming from Bruce and the redoubtable E Street Band."))
(4.0, (u'B0000046T2', u"this first JATP concert is also perhaps the best, though it lacked the  name appeal of later ones.  But Illinois Jacquet played as well as any  other tenor (though he was less influential), and Nat Cole would have  dominated jazz piano if he had not turned to singing.  While  &quot;Blues&quot; gets a lot of critical acclaim, &quot;Body and Soul&quot;  is for my money the pick of the disk.  Excellent solos by McVea and Les  Paul (yes!), a sloppy solo by JJ Johnson, and Jacquet's GREAT solo leads  sinously, seductively into a matching solo by Nat Cole in which he plays  with the tempo in a truly delightful way.  Get this disk, if only for that."))
(4.0, (u'B0000062IB', u"I have listened to this album and it turned me on to Petra.  Now I own 11 Petra cd's.  The title track does leave a little to be desired, but FALLING UP, seems like they have returned to the old ways.  A MATTER OF TIME is a retirn to the hard hitting style of Unseen Power.  IF I HAD TO DIE FOR SOMEONE? really gets you thinking about Christ's death on the cross, and could we die for him.  This album is lacking in the message side of Petra's songs.  They are more hidden than usal.  I give four stars.  But again it is better than No Doubt.  A relly good album for Petra starters."))
(4.0, (u'B000003JES', u"As she did on the 1995 album &quot;Wave&quot;, Camilla Benson imbues the  songs of Antonio Carlos Jobim with the almost magical spirit that -- one  realizes while listening to her -- must have been intended by the composer,  but which has been squeezed out of the material by so many musicians  throughout the last several decades who have molded it into a tropical  cliche.  Camila's voice evokes  lazy and sensual days and nights on the  beach that is at the heart of Jobim's material. Listining to her, one is  trasported to a starlit night contemplating new love or love lost; it  doesn't really matter which, as long as this music is the soundttrack.On  this record Camila explores a lower part of her vocal register than on  &quot;Wave&quot;.  She reveals a breathy quality that is at once  envigorating and sedating. It is a genuine treat to listen to her.There  is a very real disappointment to this record, though.  As was the case with  &quot;Wave&quot; the producers have chosen to use computers to provide much  of the instrumentation. It doesn't make sense and it doesn't really work.  In the liner notes, the producer expresses his hope that these songs and  Camila's performances will be appreciated for centuries to come as classic  Brazilian music. The songs, the arrangements, and Camila's performances  will be. Unfortunately, the method of presentation  -- computers rather  than real instruments -- make it unlikely that these particular recordings  will make the producer's hope a reality.  It is a shame.  One can only hope  that Camila has an opportunity to re-record these songs with a real  instruments. The computer instrumentation leaves one wanting more.  Camila  provides so much, however, that more is almost superfluous.Buy the  record.  Camila's performance is worth  five stars.  It is only the  instrumentation that, for me, brought the rating down to four. (If a lesser  voice was singing on this record, the compter soundtrack would bring the  rating far lower) If you can get past the computers -- or if you like them  -- this is a five star album."))
(4.0, (u'B000000P03', u"If you've made it this far, you're a serious XTC fan, so I won't bore you  with what you already know.  What you'll find here are some songs that, to  my knowledge, can't be found on any other XTC release--tunes such as  &quot;Extrovert,&quot; &quot;Too Many Cooks In The Kitchen,&quot; and  &quot;Thanks For Christmas.&quot;  Many other well-known tunes are featured  in remixed versions, as well as two songs featured in movie  soundtracks  not available anywhere else--&quot;Happy Families&quot; and the outstanding  &quot;Take This Town.&quot;  As an added bonus, send me an email with the  movies that these last two songs are from, and I'll send you...an email  back:)  For the more casual fan looking for a good overview of XTC's  earlier (and better) stuff, I kindly direct you to both  &quot;Waxworks&quot; and &quot;Some B-Sides.&quot;"))
(4.0, (u'B000009NTL', u"&quot;Sever Tire Damage&quot; captures the elusive essence of a They Might  Be Giants show without the mindless blather that infects most live albums.  (Although the hidden &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; tracks seem a tad  self-indulgent.) If you are a fan, most of your favorites --  &quot;Birdhouse in Your Soul,&quot; &quot;Istanbul (Not  Constantinople),&quot; &quot;Particle Man&quot; and &quot;Why Does the Sun  Shine?&quot; (done here at supersonic speed) -- are here in their live  splendor, many with a full band rounding out the Johns' sound. The only  glaring omission is &quot;James K. Polk,&quot; which has been a concert  staple for years. The new songs, &quot;Dr. Worm&quot; especially, rank  right up there with some of the Linnell's and Flansburg's best.  &quot;Severe Tire Damage&quot; is the perfect soundtrack for those late  summer roadtrips along humid highways."))
(4.0, (u'B000009PNN', u"Being a HUGE fan of the Zippers, and owning both Hot and The Inevitable, I  was incredibly excited when I heard they were coming out with a new album.  Wow, I though, more great, swingin' Zipper tunes for me to listen to. This  should be great. And, although Perennial Favorites is a good album, I found  it to be pretty disappointing. The style of the songs is way different from  Hot and The Inevitable, and the lyrics, quite frankly, dumb and very  confusing. There are some great songs, like The Ghost of Stephen Foster,  and there aren't any really bad songs--actually, overall, Perennial  Favorites is a good album--but I found it to be overall disappointing."))
(4.0, (u'B0000014ZF', u"The best things about this album are the unknown songs: &quot;Growing  Boy&quot; from a Babe Ruth musical, an erotic paean to down-home cookin';  &quot;Daughter of God&quot;, which moved me to tears; and &quot;Take Care  of My Heart&quot;, a spare, exquisite song about love beyond distance. The  known songs don't fare quite as well, but I don't know if that's the fault  of Debbie Gravitte, her producer, her arranger, or mine for being used to  the &quot;original&quot; covers of &quot;Part of Your World,&quot;  &quot;Beauty and the Beast,&quot; &quot;Santa Fe&quot;, etc. Still,  Gravitte shines on the great ballads, including the gorgeous &quot;Suddenly  Seymour&quot; and &quot;You Are the Only One&quot;, as well as in the  impish swing tune &quot;One Jump Ahead&quot; and the uniquely arranged  &quot;Seize the Day&quot;. A great introduction for this Menken fan who  only knew his Disney work previously."))
(4.0, (u'B0000001GH', u"Earl Hooker's great guitar playing shines through on this recording. The  &quot;Bug&quot; is Earl's reference to his bout with TB, which almost  killed him.Earl's an incredibly versatile player and this recording  highlights the spectrum of his playing. In a 1970's interview, BB King  listed Earl Hooker as one his favorite players, and offered the following  analogy - &quot;If Earl Hooker was a truck driver, he'd be able to back his  rig into any space, no matter how tight...&quot;By the way... when Jimi  Hendrix went to Chicago early in his career he played back-up for Earl  &amp; learned alot about how to use a wah-wah.... Listen closely and you'll  hear Earl tearing off several riffs that later became parts of Jimi's  sound."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025D0', u"My older brother's the Springsteen fan--me, I like him, but I'm more your  average Clash/Husker Du/Sonic Youth fan.  My brother once told me that  Bruce would make a hit album (&quot;Born To Run), then fall back and  regroup (&quot;Darkness&quot;), make another hit album (&quot;The  River&quot;), fall back (&quot;Nebraska&quot;), and it's amazing how true  this is.  He started that pattern with this album,  probably my favorite of  his albums due to the work the listener has to undertake to fully  appreciate it.  This doesn't make it an inaccessable album--on the  contrary, tunes such as &quot;Badlands,&quot; &quot;Candy's Room&quot; and  &quot;Promised Land&quot; rock as hard as anything he's ever recorded, but  the more introspective tunes are what make this album special, particularly  the two last ones, &quot;Prove It All Night&quot; (one tough song) and the  haunting &quot;Darkness On The Edge Of Town.&quot;  Fans who discovered  Springsteen when &quot;Born In The U.S.A.&quot; came out may not fully  appreciate this one, but for even the casual fan, this album is as  indispensable as his more popular ones."))
(4.0, (u'B000003S1C', u"This was the second release from the strongest lineup of King Crimson, a  tight, focused album rather unlike their earlier prog-rock work in the late  '60's and early '70's that featured Greg Lake as the vocalist.  The four  folks (Adrian Belew, Robert Fripp, Tony Levin and Bill Bruford)  are  OUTSTANDING musicians, with Levin perhaps the best bass player ever (he  played quite a bit with Peter Gabriel also).  From the opener &quot;Neal  Jack And Me&quot; to the closer &quot;Requiem,&quot; it's a tight,  propulsive tour de force.  &quot;Heartbeat&quot; is a great tune, and the  odd &quot;Neurotica&quot; showcases the slightly skewed nature of the band."))
(4.0, (u'B0000088KE', u"Jawbreaker's final album is an alt-rock masterpiece.  Rob Cavallo (who has  produced Green Day's last few albums) produced 'Dear You.' Much like his  work with that band, he &quot;beefed-up&quot; Jawbreaker's sound.  If  'Unfun' is Lo-Fi, 'Dear You' is Hi-Fi.  Of course production techniques  mean nothing if the songs aren't good.  These songs are good though.  Very  good.  The shifting dynamics of &quot;Accident Prone&quot; make it a  standout cut while the eerie Christopher Walken sample only adds to the  bleak, but beautiful, &quot;Jet Black.&quot;  &quot;Bad Scene, Everyone's  Fault&quot; is an uptempo rocker about seeing an old friend at a loud party  and realizing that some things never change.  Lyrically, this album  exhibits some of Blake's best writing.  For example, the first line of  &quot;Oyster&quot;...(&quot;The world is an oyster, locked in a shell - You  like the taste of it, but can't take the smell.&quot;)  The lyric sheet  alone is worth your money.  'Dear You' is a good example of why Jawbreaker  were one of the better underground bands of the 1990's."))
(4.0, (u'B0000007RA', u"On 'Bark Like A Dog,' Screeching Weasel deliver a strong album of melodic  punk rock tunes.  Lyrically, Ben Weasel's at the top of his game.  The  quiet desperation of &quot;It's Not Enough&quot; and the carpe diem  sentiments of &quot;The First Day Of Summer&quot; both inspire.  The  keyboard riff in the snide &quot;Cool Kids&quot; will have you dancing  around your room while the comical &quot;Phasers on Kill&quot; will surely  evoke a smile.  As usual, bassist Dan Vapid adds superb backing vocals that  turn good songs into great songs.  The album culminates with the tender  ballad &quot;You Name Is Tattooed On My Heart.&quot;  Overall, 'Bark Like A  Dog' is a stellar release and one of the finer moments in the vast  Screeching Weasel catalog."))
(4.0, (u'B0000029AI', u"Remember the hip-hop group Arrested Development and their Grammy-award  winning single &quot;Tennessee&quot;? Ever wondered who the woman was who  sang such a soulful plea to &quot;take me home?&quot; That woman is Dionne  Farris, who left AD to strike out on her own. &quot;Wild Seed/Wild  Flower&quot; is the debut effort by this singer/songwriter/producer.  On  this album Farris shows that for her, there is only one race-the human  race.  From her power-pop/rock influenced vocals on &quot;I Know&quot; (the  breakthrough single of the album) to her melodious impression of the  Beatles' &quot;Blackbird&quot;, Farris treats her audience to a broad  musical vista that spans smooth R&amp;B to fiery rock vocals.  Farris, is  backed up on this effort by David Ryan Harris, another African American  artist who crosses many musical styles to develop a style all his own.  (He's worth checking out too).  This was one of my top ten releases of  1993-94. I eagerly await Farris' sophomore effort."))
(4.0, (u'B00000820X', u'WATERPISTOL, a treasure of the mid 1980s, is one of the occasional series  of works by Liverpudlian singer/songwriter Michael Head. Along with John,  his brother, Head has through manifestations as the Pale Fountains, Shack  and lately The Strands, provided a frustratingly brief catalogue of songs.  The writing on WATERPISTOL is deeply personal, melodically complex, and  lyrically inventive. Although the emotions on which Head reflects hang  closely to experiences particular to an age in the development of man,  nonetheless the themes on which he so beautifully reflects are universal:  of love and loss; of change and friendship. From the airy, chiming guitars  of Sgt Major - the CDs opener, to the gentle lyricism of London Town at its  close - you are spared the bombast of mere statement, the rattle of aural  stormclouds The arrangements vary, but each track has an inherent rythmn,  be it the strumming of a rich acoustic guitar, or the open-production which  allows percussion, guitar and vocal equal chance to be heard. Perhaps think  of the Verve, or the Charlatans in their quieter moments as a comparison.  WATERPISTOL ranks as a unique statement in British popular music. It is a  rare delight, a treasure; it is Sunday morning and rainy Tuesday; the  Beatles and the Stones. I like this album because it makes me hum for days  afterwards. And every time I listen to it I never fail to be slightly  surprised, and not a little bit nervous, of its unassuming assault on my  emotions.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002ULO', u"While I have to admit to being such a Beatles fan that I'm predisposed to  buy a lot of solo ex-Beatle music, I also have to admit that I've been  disappointed with a lot of it, and probably with Paul's more than the rest.  Each album has a gem or two, or possibly several, but few of Paul's solo  efforts are great as a whole.  &quot;Flaming Pie&quot; ranks up there with  &quot;McCartney&quot;, &quot;Band on the Run&quot;, and perhaps as someone  else mentioned, &quot;Flowers in the Dirt&quot;.  It has a more honest,  sincere, down- to-earth feel than many of his solo CD's, coupled with a  more spare sound.  The addition of Ringo (particularly on the coda to  &quot;Beautiful Night&quot;), Steve Miller and Jeff Lynne all add spice to  this Pie, but Paul's still the chef, and this is puts him back on the menu."))
(4.0, (u'0767808673', u"As a rabid Spice Girls fan I suppose I'm a bit biased, but I really love  &quot;Spiceworld.&quot;  Sure, it's not deep or overly thought-provoking,  but it's not supposed to be.  It's supposed to be fun, and it is!  Songs  like &quot;Spice Up Your Life,&quot; &quot;Stop,&quot; and &quot;Move  Over&quot; will get anyone grooving, while &quot;Too Much&quot; and  &quot;Viva Forever&quot; (one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard,  by ANY artist) prove that the Girls really do have talent when it comes to  singing and harmonizing.  A couple of the songs are a bit forgettable, but  all in all it's tons of fun.As for all those people who hate the Spice  Girls, you're entitled to your opinion.  But please go review CD's  someplace else.  We Spice fans don't go around slamming your (depressing)  music, so please don't slam our (fun) music.  :-)"))
(4.0, (u'B000005RYN', u'The "new romantic" movement that swept the U.K.(and in the U.S.  under the guise of "new wave") was a brief blip on the music  screen compared to some of the other "movements". A lot of bands  produced a lot of bad music under this heading, ABC, however, wasn\'t one of  them.Weaned to a trio of singer Martin Fry and the band\'s guitar &  sax player, ABC produced a credible follow up to their first album. Under  the pressure of increased activity(touring, their first full length MTV  movie "Man Trap"), the band, like a lot of bands, fell into the  sophmore slump."That was then, this is now" and a handful  other other tracks make this disc worth owning. "That was then"  had Roxy Music fingerprints all over it from the MacKay style opening, the  song, while exceptional on its own merits, echoes Roxy\'s "Angel  Eyes" and "All I want is you".Among the other tracks  "S.O.S" is probably the keeper besides the opening track. The  bonus tracks don\'t add anything to the disc, but are well worth owning.The band\'s Motown influence would finally breakthrough on later  discs(particularly on the disco influenced "When Smokey sings"),  and some of the tracks here also show the early Motown influence as well.  While not an essential first purchase, this is a good addition to any fans  collection.The remaster has an issue with tape damage on "Bite the Hand" but otherwise sounds good.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002878', u"While it was wonderful to hear that clear, clean voice (she doesn't need  gimmicks), I was looking forward to hearing some of my personal favorites  from her first album. While many songs that I love are represented here, I  had to buy the &quot;First Songs&quot; CD also to round it out. But wait, I  should focus on what was represented instead of what was missing. While her  songs have long been a favorite of such diverse artists as Three Dog Night,  Blood, Sweat and Tears, and Barbra Streisand, there is nothing that can  compare to the artists renditions of her own work. To anyone who likes good  songs, heartfelt lyrics with a heartful of soul and a little jazz thrown in  for good measure, Laura Nyro is for you. Look at what's included on these  CD'S and see just how many you recognize. Then listen to them in her voice.  I can't imagine anyone being disappointed."))
(4.0, (u'B000009CZM', u"The only comparision between Life In 1472 and Puff Daddy's &quot;No Way  Out&quot; is that they are producers, they try to rhyme and they use a lot  of R&amp;B based loops.  And that's where the comparisons end.  In my  opinion this album is better than Puff's because of 3 reasons.  1 - he  didn't use only people in his camp.  Slick Rick, Snoop Dogg, Nas and Jay-Z  are enough reasons to buy this album.  2 - he didn't produce all of the  tracks.  DJ Premiere and a few others did some work too.  3 - his rap  tracks are solid.  Tracks like Don't Hate On Me, Get Your Ish Right and  Protectors Of 1472 are mad tight!  In this day and age of Hip-Hop there are  many emcees who can handle 10 songs solo so I don't see what the big deal  is that this album is full of appearances."))
(4.0, (u'B000000MG2', u'Make that FIVE STARS. Run out and buy "Live at the American Music Hall...featuring the live performances of Terry Garthwaite, Bobbie Louise Hawkins and Rosalie Sorrels.  A fabulous collection.  The album liner notes remark on Hawkins\' ability to turn "an ordinary event into a wry musical meditation on life, death and everything in between", and this is also what the album accomplishes. Rosalie Sorrels singing Mitchell\'s Pine Tree is an enduring treasure that one comes back to again and again.  Her voice and lyricism knock out a definitive rendition of this overlooked gem.  Garthwaite brings down the house by simply wrapping her country blusey chops around the folksy riff, "Hoy Hoy Hoy".  Everyone familiar with the cycle of spousal abuse should listen to Hawkins\' solution in "I Owe You One" It brought the rest of the house down.  Highly recommended'))
(4.0, (u'B000007SNC', u"It's a relief to find out, after enjoying her vocals with the Brand New  Heavies over the years, that acid jazz isn't where N'Dea Davenport begins  and ends.  &quot;Whatever You Want&quot; and &quot;Underneath a Red  Moon&quot; will be big hits with her Heavies fans, but that's pretty much  where the similarities in N'Dea's past and present come to a halt.  She  gives a smoldering reading on the bluesy, Etta James-ish &quot;Save Your  Love for Me,&quot; slinks her way through the sultry hip-hop of &quot;Bring  it On&quot; (the album's first single), and adopts a no-nonsense attitude  for the funky, horn-laden, and irresistible &quot;Bullshittin.&quot;  The  album is also full of surprises, but luckily pleasant ones: she goes tribal  on &quot;No Never Again,&quot; teams up with Daniel Lanois for the modern  rock ballad &quot;Real Life,&quot; and even breathes fresh life into Neil  Young's classic &quot;Old Man.&quot;  The gothic midtempo number &quot;I  Wonder&quot; and the drum-and-bass workout &quot;Oh Mother Earth&quot;  provide further evidence that this woman is an artist to be reckoned with,  and by the time you hear the roadhouse blues of &quot;Getaway&quot; (try to  imagine a thin Bessie Smith giving a juke joint a workout) it's clear that  there's precious little this adventurous artist isn't willing to  tackle...and even less she can't achieve."))
(4.0, (u'B000001F2O', u"Martin Fry was never shy about displaying his influences, or wearing his  heart(and opinions)on his sleeve. LEXICON is probably the best album  produced by any of the new romantic bands of the early 80's. Fry's lyrics  cover the tortured ground examined by influences Roxy Music of love and the  icy veneer that protects everyone from its consquences. Fry's singing and  the lush production courtesy of Producer Trevor Horn add up to a truly  &quot;cinematic&quot; experience. The album is full of the melodrama and  all the emotionally broad gestures one would expect from the  theater.LEXICON is probably the band's finest album. Although they would  later expand on their sound (most radically on the follow up BEAUTY STAB  the most Roxy Music sounding of all their albums), this is the album where  it all came together. They never improved on the sound, just refined it."))
(4.0, (u'B000009HQX', u"This album is a wonderful collection of well-crafted, ear-catching  melodies, hitherto unknown gems and new versions of old favorites. Crenshaw  fan(atic)s have come to expect no less from their man, but the very  pleasant surprise on this album is &quot;Everyone's in Love with You,&quot;  a sweet little number written (and perhaps performed -- I'm not sure) by  Marshall's brother, Robert. Also of interest is an instrumental version of  &quot;Blues Is King&quot; from &quot;Downtown&quot; titled &quot;Bruce Is  King.&quot; This album is, of course, a must for any Crenshaw fan, but the  curious music aficionado will find plenty here to learn and love. Easily  worth the price of admission."))
(4.0, (u'B000002UDB', u"PEPPER showed the Beatles could do no wrong. So, the world was quite  shocked when their television film MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR turned out to be an  indulgent mess. MMT was planned while Epstein was alive and it is doubtful  if he could had persuaded the Beatles to not release it.The album is a  mixed affair. Of the Ep's original songs only I AM THE WALRUS and  McCartney's flawed FOOL ON THE HILL stood out. The melody of the latter  represents one of McCarntney's best. His variation on Lennon's NOWHERE MAN  isn't lyrically quite as strong, but the intoxicating melody makes up for  some of the lyrical shortcomings.I AM THE WALRUS, inspired by Lennon's  hearing of the song A WHITER SHADE OF PALE(the melody of Walrus was derived  from the sound of a police siren while Lennon was tripping on LSD), is one  of the most lyrically complex, disturbing and arresting songs Lennon ever  wrote. While his songs would increasingly become more straight forward over  the years, the original charm of WALRUS remained despite his muddling of  Lewis Carroll's original story THE WALRUS AND THE CARPENTER.The other  tracks that make MMT memorable include the Beatles' most remarkable and  mature single--PENNY LANE/STRAWBERRY FIELDS FOREVER. To this day, George  Martin regrets not keeping them in the running for PEPPER; for good reason  they both would have strengthed that cultural milestone.ALL YOU NEED IS  LOVE has been condemned for its hippie world view. Lennon clearly is  talking, not of the hippie cliche of love, but of the optimist's attempt to  achieve the utopian dream. While recognizing that it might be beyond his  grasp, he is willing to try anyway. This is contrast to the smug Stones'  version of ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE, WE LOVE YOU. Even if you cannot achieve  your vision of a utopian society, Lennon seems to be saying, don't give up  the dream because that will allow you to achieve some of it. The French  national anthem has never sounded the same since its inclusion at the  begining of this Beatles' minor classic.BABY YOU'RE A RICH MAN(which,  lyrically, began as a snide comment on Brian Epstein's racial heritage and  sexual orientation), although melodically not Lennon &amp; McCartney at  their best, is an interesting mishmash of elements that made ALL YOU NEED  IS LOVE, NOWHERE MAN and WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS so sucessful.  The unusual structure of the song and Lennon's forceful singing(and lyrical  obtuseness)make the song a minor Beatles' classic. Oh, and its the only  other recording(besides YOU KNOW MY NAME, LOOK UP THE NUMBER) to feature  Brian Jones of the Stones.Although not in the caliber of REVOLVER,  RUBBER SOUL, ABBEY ROAD or even PEPPER, MMT has moments of sublime beauty  and lyrical power that make it well worth collecting(if not for the songs  PENNY LANE/STRAWBERRY FIELDS FOREVER, I AM THE WALRUS AND FOOL ON THE  HILL)."))
(4.0, (u'B0000047RA', u"There is a brooding quality to Procol Harum's music. Keith Reid's lyrics  are introspective, questioning the human existence and the consequences of  life's journeys, usually in negative and dark tones.  The music is  sometimes fuzzy, mixing the blues edge of Robin Trower's guitar with the  older style Hammond organ that pervaded rock in the late 1960s.  It can be  maudlin stuff -- but it can also be brilliant, as &quot;Shine on  Brightly&quot; displays.  &quot;A Whiter Shade of Pale&quot; was an  exception to their more driving, determined blend of rock; &quot;Quite  Rightly So&quot; and &quot;Shine on Brightly&quot; are much better  representations of their deeper talent.  Everything about Procol Harum was  unique, from their name to their musicality.  Start with this album."))
(4.0, (u'B000005A5G', u"I'm not going to even try to be all clever about this review.  I don't  know thirty modern rock and world music bands or musicians I can name-drop  here.  Here it is:  if you're tired of hearing the same old same old, get  this CD.  You'll be treated to a fair handful of completely improvised  performances. The tunes composed ahead of time are unlike anything you'll  ever hear on a &quot;normal&quot; alubm.  The playing throughout is  impeccable, though never staid or held back.  There's risks being taken  here.  How refreshing!  I am definitely reminded of Captain Beefheart and  the Magic Band at times.  &quot;Who?&quot;, you say?  Man are you in for a  pleasant surprise.  Believe it or not, this is a supergroup; each member  has come to fame with other bands or through his own solo career.  Get them  all together and in the mood to play and what you end up with is the magic  on this disc.  It's not for everyone, but again if you want to hear  something that actually challenges your ear yet leaves you shaking your  butt and singing along, you've found it."))
(4.0, (u'B000002SL0', u"In the time it took Nicholas Hytner to transfer his London smash hit  revival of CAROUSEL to Broadway it lost its freshness, its sensitivity and  its magic.  The cast is all new except for Michael Hayden's Billy who has  played the role too long and become studied, belligerant rather than  sensitive and groping, and harsh of singing tone. The production won five  Tonys including Best Revival and one for Audra McDonald's Carrie but it  doesn't match the London creation.  What you get in that recording that  you don't in this are: JUNE's dance music; the complete LOUISE'S BALLET;  dialogue at end of Act I and the heaven transition, and Billy's dialogue in  the finale.  What you get in the Broadway recording you don't get in the  London recording are: GIVE IT TO EM GOOD, CARRIE (only the second recording  of this piece); women's chorus on STONECUTTERS, the SERMON.  Stick with the  London recording over this - it's far better.  For the record, the CAROUSEL  WALTZ is better conducted than the London recording - more spirited; Audra  McDonald's Carrie in MR. SNOW is a heavier and louder voice than we're used  to in this role, though she sings well.  JULIE JORDAN is acceptable.  IF I  LOVED YOU is harsher than the London recording with Sally Murphy's Julie  sounding terrified rather than awestruck.  Shirley Verrett's is too  operative a voice for Nettie - too big and her phrasing is way off.  JUNE  is acceptable chorus-wise but she is misplaced.  MR.SNOW -reprise and WHEN  THE CHILDREN ARE ASLEEP are good, due to Ms. McDonald and an enthusiastic  performance fro Eddie Korbich as Snow. Fisher Stevens mimics the raspy  voice of his predecessor in BLOW HIGH, which is fine. Hayden's SOLILOQUY is  tougher and far less sensitive than his London recording and his acting has  become mannered.  The CLAMBAKE chorus is fine but the bridge is stiltily  acted.  GERANIUMS is well done by Korbich. STONECUTTERS is fine with  women's chorus complete and Sally Murphy's WHAT'S THE USE OF WONDRIN is  good.  Verrett's YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE is bad.  You only get the PAS DE  DEUX from LOUISE'S BALLET here, not the whole thing - and it's  lethargically conducted.  Hayden's reprise of  IF I LOVED YOU is good.  The Finale is simply the chorus without Billy's poignant dialogue - a  missed opportunity.  All in all an acceptable but far from outstanding  recording.  Stick with the London orginal.  For those CAROUSEL lovers,  note that four of the ten recordings made thus far of the work have never  made to CD: 1. Jan Clayton (the original Julie)'s disk of songs from the  show for Buena Vista; the RCA opera studio cast recording -Robert Merrill,  Patrice Munsel - and a nearly complete recording it is though in mono;  Alfred Drake's studio cast recording for Command - an incomplete recording  using the gimmick of recording onto 35 mm film soundtrack strips; and  finally the original cast of the tv production for Hallmark (badly cut)  with the &quot;worst&quot; Billy and Julie ever recorded - Robert Goulet  and whoever she was.  Just execrable in every way - this last deserves  oblivion!"))
(4.0, (u'0792151712', u'The movie had incredible visual effects and really pulled the audience  into the tragic events building up to the sinking of the Titanic.  It could  have been the one of the best epic films in history if not for the  hollywood morals exhibited by the main characters.  I felt they were  terrible role models for younger people -- displaying the sort of  flash-in-the-pan lust that typifies most movies today.  The real emotional  impact came from the love shown by the man on the deck of the ship saying  good-bye for the last time to his wife and children as they boarded the  lifeboat; the older couple holding each other in their arms while the ship  was sinking; and the mother reading one last bedtime story to her young  children as she tried to ignore the inevitable.  All of these visuals made  a deep and lasting impression on me of the true love that people share for  one another.  This was a good, but not a great movie.  END'))
(4.0, (u'6302450586', u"This is a film about a young boxing champ who, for reasons one discovers  as the film progresses, did not make the 'big-time'. In compensation, he  has taken under his wing a group of young boys to teach them his art, and  philosophy of life. He coaches them, runs them, and is in their corner for  their bouts. He comforts them as they take their first punches, which  really do hurt. Like all of Bruce Weber's work, there is an underlying hint of eroticism which may spice the film nicely for those inclined to perceive  it. Andy Minsker, the boxer, is roughly handsome (Mr. Weber admires Chet Baker), with a broken nose and a sleek young body which he loves to show off. Andy has an infectious laugh,  discusses girls with his young charges, teasingthem and encouraging them.  His work is something of an antidote for the lack of support in his own youth. His father was also a boxer who didn't make it. Andy looked to him for guidance and support which wasn't there. They have a reconciliation of sorts on screen, and one can see Andy wants that. With its beautiful, battered protagonist and his stable of would-be stallions, this film is sweet, likeable, touching, and erotic. A minor gem, and Bruce Weber at his best."))
(4.0, (u'B000002ULO', u"Yeah, this isn't ABBEY ROAD, PART 2. Paul has nothing to prove and he  knows it. There are some outstanding songs on this disc(some throwaways,  too.--the Steve Miller jam is pretty lame garage rock and a barely  acceptable b side. Same for the song written with Ringo). As Paul proved on  FLOWERS IN THE DIRT, TUG OF WAR, PRESS and BAND ON THE RUN, he's able to  produce some of his best stuff 1) when he records and writes quickly  2)Works with capable collaborators 3)Feels he has something to prove  4)Works without a net(on the fly as it were).Nevertheless, Jeff Lynne  gives Paul a rougher edge(surprisingly, it doesn't sound like ELO or  George's albums)in the production department--which works to Paul's  advantage."))
(4.0, (u'B000006ZBZ', u"&quot;Eclectic&quot; is a live acoustic set recorded @ Dingwalls in London  03/20-21/96.  Stuart &amp; the boys do the &quot;unplugged&quot; thing on  BC standards such as &quot;River Of Hope&quot;, &quot;King Of  Emotion&quot;, etc.  The &quot;eclectic&quot; fun of the album, however,  are the cover tunes, with help from several guests.  Joni Mitchell's  &quot;Big Yellow Taxi&quot; (replete with a female vocalist who properly  hits all the high notes), Gershwin's &quot;Summertime&quot;, The Band's  &quot;The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down&quot; and The Stones &quot;Ruby  Tuesday&quot;.  The best two covers are Springsteen's &quot;I'm On  Fire&quot; and a frentic reading of The Beatles &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;.  Note: Some of these tracks also appear on the &quot;Kings Of Emotion&quot;  2CD set, but don't let that stop you; if you are a BC fan, this is a must."))
(4.0, (u'B000007NW7', u"Voivod has long been fighting the battle against mainstream metal, with  their almost out-of-tune guitar sound and totally far-out concepts.  Thanks  to the creative force behind the chaos (Away), Voivod still exists today  and has returned with an aggressive edge not seen since Dimension Hatross.  If you used to be a fan before their turn to spacial-psycho-rock, then grab  Phobos (and Negatron), for their thrashy core is back with vengeance.  We  return to the story of the Voivod, the cybernetic vampire, as he is  resurrected and brought back to life by his master, and returns to Earth.  The lyrics aren't as wacky and &quot;out there&quot; as when Snake was  writing them, but they fit with Eric Forrest's growling and shouting  vocals.  I have always loved the sound of Piggy's guitar, it's so different  and unique.  Voivod has, and always will be, hard to classify, but that's  what makes them stand out and so excellent."))
(4.0, (u'B000007O9D', u"This is a very good CD. I recommend it for any Christian. The Martin's  music on this album resmbles some pop and country groups but with a  Christian anointing. The music and vocals combine as one. I envision their  music as a multi colored ribbon; each color distinctly different but blends  into one piece of work. The album has life and is no doubt anointed, that  is, the recording, the production, the voices, and instruments. The songs  chosen have very serious meaning. The spirtual anointing of the recording  adds the final completeness, the icing on the cake. Don't get me wrong, the  Lord is with these people all the way from beginning to end. What I'm  saying here is, without the Spirit of God's anointing, this recording would  not be a success. The only thing I miss on this project is a good driving,  thump you in the heart track, like &quot;Only God Knows&quot; on the  &quot;Wherever You Are&quot; project. I highly recommend that one also if  you like the Martin's style. A 5 star maybe.If you're not aware of the  Martin's sound,take the best Nashville group of Musicians and couple them  with a well trained and well practiced vocal group. Driven by strong  dedication to perfection,  this combination cooks, mon.Until..."))
(4.0, (u'B000004BDG', u"Pennsylvania's Weston deliver a superb indie rock effort with 'Matinee.'  From the opening note of &quot;Opening Chord&quot; to the unique fade-out  of &quot;Radio,&quot; Weston ruminate on indie rock, girls, indie rock,  and, well....girls.  If pressed for a specific style I suppose  &quot;power-pop&quot; would work.  The songs are melodic yet they still  rock.  'Matinee' showcases Weston's chief strength: their vocal harmonies.  The melancholic &quot;Uninspiring&quot; and &quot;Lonely When I'm With  You&quot; are a welcome contrast to more upbeat numbers like &quot;Record  Shop&quot; and &quot;Next To You At Night.&quot;  &quot;Indie Rock  Star&quot; is definitive Weston: clever lyrics, melodic guitars, strong  vocals, and a catchy chorus that will bounce around inside your head for  hours.  A great song from a great album."))
(4.0, (u'B0000011PL', u"Dory Previn is a shockingly overlooked singer/songwriter. Her songs manage  to be sad, harrowing and witty at the same time, and her verbal acuity and  gift for composing catchy melodies mean that her music is easily as good as  Joni Mitchell's or Leonard Cohen's. In fact, on the evidence of these two  albums, it is better  Dory's albums never sound like mere vanity projects.  Mythical Kings and Iguanas and Reflections in a Mud Puddle were her second  and third albums, and first appeared in the ealy 70s. Reflections, in  particular, is startling. The second side is taken up entirely by a suite  of songs, detailing Dory's extraordinary childhood. Her abusive father once  locked Dory, her mother and her sister, in a room for several months,  keeping them prisoners by threatening them with guns. Dory's past  one  that would break anyone's heart in half, especially a child as sensitive as  she was, is chronicled with dignity, anger and warm-hearted wit. Everything  else on this album and its predecessor is insightful, charming and catchy,  too. All her recordings have something to recommend them. She has not  recorded since 1976, so this two-on-one reissue (part of a series) is very  welcome."))
(4.0, (u'B00000136V', u"Are you a fan of R. Carlos Nakai?  If so, you NEED this album.  Never  heard of him before?  This is a pretty good place to start.R. Carlos  Nakai has yet again brought out another album - no unusual feat for the  Native flutist with almost 20 albums out.  However, he's returned to his  roots with Mythic Dreamer, which is a welcome change from the likes of the  &quot;Two-World Concerto&quot; of James Demars' music which was his  previous attempt.  This album is FLUTE; not oddball orchestral antics.  It  brings out the beauty in the sound of the Native cedar flute, and makes us  hear the stories behind the songs.  The vast majority of this album is  traditional songs, set to a flute version, although he does include a  couple originals as well.Overall?  Get it.  If you like Native American  music, you likely will enjoy this.  If you're not familiar with Native  flute, try it; most people enjoy these.  It's quiet and relaxing, a good  album for trying to take a load off, read a book, meditate, or anything you  do with soothing music.  A must-have for the collector."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025NB', u"Over their rather extensive recording career, the Psychedelic Furs have  attempted to be all bands to all people, from proto-Goths to poppy synth  stars.  Most critics point to their debut release, which has its moments,  but is a little dense overall.  This, their second release, is much more  accessable.  It opens with &quot;Pretty In Pink,&quot; the original  version, not the version heard on radio today that was cleaned up for the  John Hughes movie of the same name.  Other strong tracks are &quot;Mr.  Jones&quot; (this ain't no Counting Crows here), &quot;Into You Like A  Train&quot; and &quot;It Goes On.&quot;  Their next release, &quot;Forever  Now,&quot; was produced by Todd Rundgren, and started their  slow-but-inevitable slide toward irrelevance.  This one is different,  catching them while they still had their initial vision intact."))
(4.0, (u'B000002GBJ', u'Rick Wakeman shines best when two elements are present:  (a) he surrounds  himself with other top-flight instrumentalists, and (b) he avoids lyrics.  &quot;Six Wives&quot; is the perfect example.  The focus is purely on the  music:  lyrical piano lines, rich organ fills, exciting changes of tempo,  and a percussive and bass beat that drives it all forward.  Wakeman brought  in the perfect people to accompany him on these tracks -- Bruford and White  on percussion, Dave Lambert and Charles Cronk on guitar, and Chris Squire  on bass, among others.  All of these instrumentalists add their own  individuality to the music, and the sum of the parts equals a wonderful  whole.  No track has lyrics, aside from some choral background humming;  subsequent Wakeman recordings (&quot;Journey to the Center of the  Earth&quot;, &quot;King Arthur&quot;) are marred by intrusive, simplistic  songs that over-ride any chance for the music to shine through.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002GHH', u"I can't believe no one has reviewed this album yet.  John Hiatt is one of  our finest songwriters, and he's also one of the best at melding elements  of rock, country and blues into a wonderful sound.  Perhaps that's why he's  never reached a huge audience, because the radio and the record companies  can't 'pigeonhole' him.  His voice drips with heartfelt emotion on many of  these songs, but a sense of humor creeps in now and then, particularly on  the wonderful &quot;Memphis in the Meantime&quot;.  Country crooners could  learn something from &quot;Lipstick Sunset&quot;.  You've probably heard  Bonnie Raitt's cover of &quot;Thing Called Love&quot;, but Hiatt's original  is raw and fun.  Hiatt's backing band and the production are both superior  on this album."))
(4.0, (u'B0000256VR', u'If SIREN showed the band uncertain what direction to turn and at a dead  end creatively, MANIFESTO showed the band eager to rejoin the world and  answer the challenge of new wave.While the songs on MANIFESTO are not  the best of Roxy, there are moments that are worthy of their peak  period(1973-1974). The title track, &quot;Trash&quot;, the original version  of &quot;Angel eyes&quot;(not included here--this has the eurodisco version  not the hard rocker on the original issue), &quot;Dance away&quot;,  &quot;Spin me round&quot;, &quot;Growing stronger through the years&quot;  all are outstanding. When new romantic bands like ABC and the lesser  Spandau Ballet appeared they would use both this album, COUNTRY LIFE,  STRANDED &amp; AVALON as their template.To be sure this album has its  handful of filler, but the energy level of this album, unlike SIREN, can  redeem even the weakest song. Ferry is in fine vocal form growling the  lyrics out on the title track and exhibiting a sparkling innocence on  &quot;Spin me round&quot;.The playing by Manzanera, MacKay, Thompson and  the session artists is, throughout, excellent.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002M3F', u"Regret is about growing up and doing less drugs, neither of which helped  New Order produce some of the best indie-pop-dance-rock tracks of the 80s  and 90s. After all, the outstanding guitar work on Brotherhood isn't  physically possible without speed.Nevertheless, Regret is classic New  Order. A skillful blend of rock and dance, thoughtful lyrics and Hookie's  outstanding bass work. Singer Bernard Sumner sounds, well, _relaxed_ and  almost grateful for the chance to 'fess up.It's not up there with the  classics, which is why I only give it four stars, but if you've never heard  New Order before, this would be an excellent place to start."))
(4.0, (u'B000002AS3', u"The best comment I have ever heard regarding Definitely Maybe was from  some sort of music/album/rock compendium...they said that this album  already sounds like a greatest hits compilation. Think about it...we have  the lighter waving &quot;Live Forever&quot;, the ass-kicking,  tear-out-your-seat-and-throw-it-at-the-stage rock and roll of  &quot;Cigarettes and Alcohol&quot; or &quot;Rock 'n' Roll Star&quot;...it's  all here, even an endearing acoustic encore as in &quot;Married With  Children&quot; (no relation). The only weakness of Definately Maybe is the  tendecy of these 11 songs to sound a bit similar...otherwise, this is an  incredible and terribly infectious first album.By the way, for those  people, even some on this particular page, who decry the Gallaghers as  being arrogant, digusting pigs, I say...so what? Rememebr kids, that's half  the fun right there..."))
(4.0, (u'B000002BRB', u"I sometimes have a hard time getting a handle of what Kenny Loggins is all  about. Is he the good ol' boy we got to know with Jim Messina, the  womanizing wild man out to make a few bucks with over commercialized  &quot;hook&quot; songs from B rated movies (Footloose, Caddy Shack and Top  Gun) or the  spiritual New Age love and honesty spokesman we find in this  new CD and book. I had the opportunity to listen to Kenny play and talk  about his book/Cd in front of about 100 people in San Diego. His music from  this CD was clear and powerful, but all the deep soul talk made me wonder  if he's taking the world and particularly himself a little too seriously.  The music is solid and appears to be from the heart, but under all the  positive spin, you'll sometimes find yourself hearing nothing more than  fluff. This effort isn't quite up to speed with his recent Leap of Faith CD  (five stars) but it does have brilliant moments of song and emotion that  will keep you looking for his next release. I would recommend you give the  CD a listen and the book a rest."))
(4.0, (u'B000002PB1', u'I think I first bought this CD on LP when I was in 5th or 6th grade. I just bought it on CD (much of my CD collection is buying back old records I had in elementary school) and it brought back great memories. Definitely the best New Edition album ever, before they started to sound too generic.  &quot;Mr. Telephone Man&quot;, written by Ray Parker Jr., is the best song on the CD, and a song that anyone who has felt the pain of unrequited can relate too. Also, &quot;Delicious&quot;, while not one of the more well-known songs on New Edition, is a great, catchy, danceable tune, as are several others on this CD.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002R4Z', u"Bill Chase, who died unexpectantly quite of few years ago, was one of my  music heroes.  Of course, like many of you, I was in several jazz ensembles  and bands.  All of the cuts are high pitched, moves with excitement, and  the notes &quot;chase&quot; one another in unbelievable harmonies.  Even  though I loved the first album &quot;Chase&quot;, the last album he  completed, &quot;Pure Music&quot; had an overwhelming effect on me.  Since  losing my vinyl copy many years ago, to this very day, I go into most of  the record stores in the bay area (once or twice a week) and look for that  album.  If my mind serves me correctly, Bill and Dartanyan Brown (bass  player) passed away in some plane crash.  Bill's haunting flugelhorn still  registers in my mind as one of the great emotional jazz pieces ever  recorded, using his articulation rather than his high note expertise.  I  can not wait until &quot;Pure Music&quot; is released!  In 1973, in  Colorado Springs, Colorado, I had the previlege see Bill perform in concert  . . . just a few years later, he joined another stellar band in heaven."))
(4.0, (u'B000005HNQ', u"If you are a fan of Mandylion, Nighttime Birds should please you just as  much.  Some of the track are more delicate and less rockish than  Mandylions, but after a few listens, you'll be cranking up the slower tunes  as well as the rest.  As always, you'll be moved by the perfect blend of  excellent feminine vocals and melodic guitars.  If you're a guitar riff  fan, you'll find some of those too.  I can't say I dislike any track on  this whole CD.  Both Nighttime and Mandylion can be listened to the whole  way through for complete enjoyment.  Since I received both CDs (from  Amazon!) a few weeks ago, they haven't left my CD player."))
(4.0, (u'B000005MDJ', u"Although this album has no commercial hits like &quot;Rica Y  Apretadita&quot; (Rich and a Little Tight), &quot;Damelo&quot; (Give It To  Me), or &quot;Pata Pata&quot;, there are enough great tunes to make it more  than worthwhile.  The songs that Anayka guest-sings are in general the best  on the album -- she takes the chorus, El General raps in between.  On  &quot;Una Fiesta&quot;, she sings &quot;lo que a una fiesta puede a ser --  enamore' otra vez&quot;.  Other songs, such as &quot;El Clavo&quot; (The  Nail) and &quot;Rapa Pan Pan&quot; may not immediately stand out, but over  a few listens the hooks sink into your brain.  In an age of recycled 1980s  tunes, it's a nice change to hear a rapper who writes all his own material,  adds a little melody and chorus, and is socially conscious (see &quot;Poema  II&quot;).  Think Neneh Cherry, but Panamanian."))
(4.0, (u'B000005RFO', u"If you want to hear the best version of 'Wicked World' or the best piece  of 'Live' Sabbath work, this is the album for you. Yes, some of the main  tracks are faster or slower than the original album tracks, this is because  they are 'In Concert'. Live music is never the same as the stuff on the  album, and this band brings the Live music to you in excellent form. One of  the only live albums that Sabbath has done and made available in the U.S.,  'Live at Last' is a true Sabbath fan's dream come true. This sturff is  better than the Ozzfest reunion with Black Sabbbath at the Sony E-Center,  Camden, NJ / Philadelphia, PA in the summer of 1997. You gotta check it out  if you are a true Ozzy and Black Sabbath fan. And, if you are, you will not  be disappointed by the awesome music on this album."))
(4.0, (u'B000000OQL', u"The Band was magic, and so is Robbie Robertson's first solo outing. A  stunning piece of work that showed that he was back at the center of things  ten years or so after The Band broke up. As if his own talents weren't  enough, Robertson gets back up form the likes of Daniel Lanois (also  co-producer), Bono and The Edge, Peter Gabriel and  his old mate Garth  Hudson. Just listen to 'Fallen Angel' (his tribute to Richard Manuel),  'Broken Arrow', 'Somewhere Down The Crazy River' and 'Showdown At Big Sky'.  You'll like 'm now, and you'll even learn to love them later."))
(4.0, (u'B0000035EX', u"By all rights, this SHOULD have been the album that propelled Mudhoney to  stardom.  The timing was right,  the world was ready, the band had shaped  their sound into a frenzied, hard driving, sonicbombastrockn'roll bonanza,  and if it hadn't been for a little trio whose name started with N and ended  with irvana, then we'd all be talking about them today.  Mudhoney innovated  rock n' roll once and for all, and any further attempts on their part to  push the envelope would've been redundant.  In a flash of artistic  integrity, and inspiration, they refused to alter their winning formula.  As a result, &quot;who you drivin now?&quot; turned out to be &quot;touch  me I'm sick&quot; revisited, &quot;move out&quot; became an anthem for  suburban nomads, and &quot;good enough&quot;, the sweetest punk ballad(!?)  of them all, was bumped from FM airplay so that stations around the country  had more space to squeeze in just one last Gn'R single before the franchise  went belly up.  Yessir, they could've gone straight to the top, but then  again...nevermind."))
(4.0, (u'B000003BD0', u"This terrific collection of singles(A's and B's)from one of the most  production periods of the Stones musical career is for every Stones fan.  Although there are omissions and some of the b sides are throw aways, this  collection, for the most part can hold its own with any great anthology  album.Of particular note is the Stones cover of Lennon-McCartney's I  wanna be your man. Jagger brings a menace and strong sense of sexuality  that is missing from Ringo's vocal performance on With the Beatles.  Musically, the arrangement is bluesier, while the sound is typical of  Andrew Loog-Oldham's Spectorish production style.All the early classics  are well represented as well. The only complaint one might make is a better  booklet. Andrew Loog-Oldham's comments don't do justice to this set and,  while including the recording/releasing information is certainly important,  it would of been more interesting to learn about the input that produced  some of these terrific songs. For example, what was Charlie Watts'  impression of Satisfaction the first time he heard it? Even if some of the  answers to these questions might be found elsewhere, it would of been  interesting to have them available so readily while listening to the  cd's.A gem and the Stones album to own first."))
(4.0, (u'B000007V25', u"After more than a handful or so great singles, the Kinks produce their  first great album. FACE TO FACE displays the Kinks in an experimental mode  and clearly the band was ready for the growth demonstrated by this album  and the classics that followed.&quot;Party Line&quot; starts things off  with a hard rock feel--its almost of a goodbye kiss to their previous  sound(which matured so well on Kontroversy the previous year).  While there  are a few clunkers mixed in with this set, almost every song has a  redeeming virtue whether it be an unexplored type of arrangement(Session  Man), or strong social commentary(Dandy).The bonus tracks are  particulary noteworthy featuring such minor Kinks classics are I'm not like  everybody else, Big Black Smoke and Mister Pleasant, as well as, the anthem  Dead End Street. Of the two unreleased tracks, Mr. Reporter(from an  abandoned EP on professions), has a distinct Dylanesque feel to it. Dave's  vocal is stronger than his previous vocal performances. The melody, while  it doesn't break any new ground, has an interesting counterpoint in the  horn arrangement(which points to the horn arrangements on Arthur and  Village Green).  Little Women, an unfinished track, showed great potential  but, sadly, was abandoned before any vocals were added.Altogether a  worthy addition to any Kinks collection and certainly one of the 6 or 7  best Kinks albums."))
(4.0, (u'B000007V5A', u"Shane has definitely edged out on the Irish-country music tunes.  But,  hey, if you are a traditional Irish music lover, like myself, you'll  appreciate it.  It definitely isn't &quot;The Snake&quot; which had such  great melodious mixtures like &quot;A Mexican Funeral in Paris&quot; and  Irish rebel tunes like &quot;Rising of The Moon.&quot;  For people new  to Shane's work, I would suggest first buying  MacGowan's &quot;The  Snake&quot; or a Pogues album that predates 1992 such as &quot;If I Should  Fall From Grace with God&quot; or others.  Either way you decide, once you  enter the fantastic muscial world of Shane, and are exposed that voice of  his,  you'll be hooked.  Forever."))
(4.0, (u'B0000086F9', u"This is a two-on-one of Dory Previn's first album (On My Way To Where) and  her fourth (Mary C Brown &amp; the Hollywood Sign). On My Way To Where was  released in 1970, shortly after Previn emerged from hospital where she had  been treated for schizophrenia. Many of the songs were written by her as a  form of self-help. The most famous (and wonderfully candid) moment on this  album is Beware Of Young Girls. Mia Farrow had insinuated herself into the  lives of Dory and her husband, Andre Previn. This gentle, sad, but  unself-pitying song recounts how Mia betrayed Dory by breaking her  marriage. Upon its release, Ms Farrow went into print to call the song  &quot;tasteless&quot;. Interestingly, Farrow recently (and for the first  time) apologised to Dory Previn, in the pages of her autobiography.Mary  C Brown is less autobiographical, more outwardly observant. It is a wry and  caustic social commentary about Hollywood. Strangely, Previn's singing is  completely different on this album; she affects a rather nasal, squeaky  timbre. It's still an enjoyable set, though.  Best moment: Previn's  lacerating remarks about the casting couch on &quot;Starlet Starlet&quot;"))
(4.0, (u'B0000009S9', u"If you enjoy unpredictable, scatalogical humour, then this album is for  you.  It features Zappa's &quot;Flo and Eddie&quot; comedy line-up, whereby  the jokes are more out there and in your face rather than contained in the  music itself.  This concert features the famous &quot;Groupie  Routine&quot;, which shows the band acting out a scenario depicting life on  the road in the form of a mini-opera which dominates the majority of the  record.  Also featured here is the legendary &quot;MudShark&quot; story,  which will either amuse you or confuse you.  The music here rocks, but  isn't as polished as Zappa's other more technically superior bands'  performances.  The album highlight for me is a rousing version of the  Turtle's &quot;Happy Together&quot;, incorporated as a finale to the  &quot;Groupie Opera&quot; string of songs.  So, if you're not easily  offended, time-travel back to June 1971, and make a stop at the Fillmore  East to witness a truly crazy performance from Zappa and these Mothers of  Invention."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025XA', u"Dan Fogelberg is - I believe - sort of big in the States, but he doesn't  have one foot (or too) on the ground in Europe. Maybe his music is (or  sounds) too American for us Europeans. Even his album 'Netherlands' didn't  sell more than a few dozen of copies in The Netherlands. He had a almost  hit with his 'Part of the Plan' (1973, I think it was), but his album sales  have been mediocre over here. That's especially a pity for his 'Windows and  Walls', released in 1984, and a fine example of what Mr. Fogelberg is  capable to do (and write). It has a fine balance between ballads and more  up-tempo songs. I'd say, just get him on a plane and let him convince us  here in The Netherlands that we've been wrong (or overlooking him) for some  25 years. In the meantime, I'm very much enjoying this one."))
(4.0, (u'B0000027KA', u"The box, CD cover, and extensive booklet certainly contribute to making  you feel that you've added a jewel to your collection.  Rare and live  recordings and even a new song ('Wheels') by the band's current lineup sent  me to the edge of the cliff --  the music pushed me over.  This collection  of great Kansas music makes up for the less-than-perfect Best of Kansas  released during the years when Steve Walsh was off rockin' with his band  Streets -- I instantly recognize his influence on this effort.  From the  early demo recording to the new release the band unleashes its original,  dynamic poweful sound --  drums, guitars, keyboards, violins...Steve  Walsh's angelic voice.  On the downside, the box set ignores about half of  the band's discography and leaves out a the &quot;missing on digital&quot;  'Closet Chronicles' track.  This collection only captures the 'hay day' of  this great bar-band-gone-stadium group -- perhaps that's the point -- but  the band has continued recording and touring for almost THIRTY YEARS!!!  You guys owe us a boxed set Volume II -- to include the solo excursions of  both Steve Walsh and Kerry Livgren!  This set is a collector's must!  KANSAS IS A BAND!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000006NXH', u"Hanson shows in this album that they are NOT the New Kids on the Block,  that they are NOT the Jackson 5 et cetera, but that they are some  suprisingly talented kids in more ways than posing.  I heard this album  passively while my teenybopper sister played it.  As the album went on  though, I payed more and closer attention.  I was especially impressed by  the actually poignant Tin Soldier song.  They aren't Billy Joel or The  Beatles--at least not yet--but all things considered, this is most  definately a trio to watch.  Ten years from now...who knows?Let's just  hope fame, screaming girls and money-grubbing media mogels don't ruin them  along the way."))
(4.0, (u'B000008USI', u"Seasoned musicians, the Counting Crows have enjoyed short term success  after years of endorance and personal sacrafice.  On their debut album  &quot;August and Everything After&quot; they painted the harsh life of  reality upon the unconsuming canvas of their masterfully honed musical  talents. Adam Duritz won the heart of America through the innocent yearning  of a dream unfulfilled time and time again.  Poised at the brink of  personal success and national stardom the Counting Crows offered a musical  tunnel between what is and what could be. Five years later and all the  wiser for the wear, the Counting Crows approach us live with the wisdom of  a man who has pondered, dreamed, lived and regreted. &quot;Across the  Wire&quot; exposes the deep, dark truth that surrounds the phrase 'be  careful what you wish for...'  The musical genius of Matt, Ben, David,  Adam, Dan and Charles was obvious in their first two studio releases.  On  this their third full length release and first live album we hear past the  cutting sound of mastered guitars to the honest emotion of a spirit in  constant self reflection.  &quot;So you want to be a rock and roll  star...&quot; you might say.  &quot;[Well] Everybody's tired of  something...&quot; Live in New York City captures this band doing what they  do best, playing to a live audience with the emotive passion of a rookie  and the unmistakable musical talent of a veteran.  True connoisseurs must  add this to their CD collection."))
(4.0, (u'B000009NTX', u"Happy Rhodes continues with the computer-flavored musical style she's been  good at for quite some time with &quot;Many Worlds Are Born Tonight.&quot;.  Her previous release, &quot;Building the Colossus,&quot; shared similarly  flavored tunes. But it certainly won't be possible to confuse this album  with any of her others.  The first track, &quot;100 Years,&quot; starts  off with a sythentic soundscape, singing &quot;With no genetic code/so  pathetic am I/Don't have the luxury/Of knowing someday I'll die/Is this the  second eden/Am I the new Adam.&quot; The textures of this first track  continue to make their presence known throughout the album. The feeling of  floating through tunnels and along horizons of colors and lights is given  off as a natural part of &quot;Many Worlds ...&quot;  But her skills don't  end with a mastery at the keyboard and computer. Her trademark vocals and  lyrics are also at full-force. Harmonies and counter-melodies float about  as well, adding an analog texture to their digital counterparts. Some  incredible results ensue, such as a duet answer/response with a violin in  the sixth track, &quot;Roy,&quot; and crisp voices in the proceeding  &quot;Tragic&quot;:  &quot;I see you/Because you are tragic/And I need  you/For the same/There's a little bit of you in me/You can't escape what  you became ... Although we share/Pain and despair/Somehow/You are  predisposed/To suffer the most.&quot; There's even some edgier material,  complete with drum loops as with &quot;Proof.&quot;  The final track,  &quot;Serenading Genius,&quot; ends with &quot;Every night/I go to  sleep/And dream of what I seek/I serenade/I'm serenading genius so .../Come  on/Come down/And be with me/Come on/Come down/Give me the key.&quot; My  guess would be that she's indeed been given the key and &quot;Many  Worlds&quot; is one of the doors she's unlocked."))
(4.0, (u'B000009OGW', u"Before there was Alanis Morrisette, Fiona Apple, Sheryl Crow and Meredith  Brooks, there was Liz Phair.  With her breakthrough Exile in Guyville where  everyone asked,  &quot;can a girl say that?&quot;, and her sophomore  followup Whipsmart Phair put forth a frankness in lyrics and sound that  would pave the way for the forementioned.Now, Liz Phair returns after  four years with her new album, whitechocolatespaceegg.  The cd is  excellent.  The four years off helped her grow as a songwriter.  But that's  what having a kid will do for you.This album doesn't sound like much of  her earlier stuff.  She experiments more and it pays off.  REM producer  Scott Litt probably had a hand in that.  The sound puts her apart from the  rest of the radio garbage of soundalike bands.But her strength is her  songwriting and the stories she tells.  &quot;Polyester Bride&quot; is an  eavesdrop of a conversation a baretnder and his favorite customer who can't  resist her charms and pretty blue eyes and lets her drink for free.  &quot;Shitloads of Money&quot;  is a response to everyone who thinks she's  sold out. People like Spin magazine who love the first album that noone  buys but when the same person tries to go to a larger audience, they have  to pan them.  Oh well, they're lossTo finish this off, the album is  excellent, with a definite maturity to it that neither of the predecessors  had.  If you want to hear how the female angst music is supposed to sound  listen to Phair."))
(4.0, (u'B000009PNN', u"While I am really glad that my love of swing over the years has brought me  a certain amount of cutting edge status with my friends, most of the  neo-swing bands aren't as good as the classics.  Most, except Squirrel Nut  Zippers.  SNZ have a rare talent, and they have shown it well in their  brief existence.  None of the other neo-swing bands can compare.  But,  their latest album, Perrenial Favorites, is not as good as their other  albums.  I enjoyed it, I liked the eclectic nature of it, and &quot;The  Ghost of Stephen Foster&quot; is officially my favorite SNZ song, ousting  &quot;Santa Clause is Smoking Reefers&quot; from Sold Out and &quot;Wash  Jones&quot; from The Inevitable for that spot.  Unfortunately songs like  &quot;Low Down Man&quot; have a toned down feel, as if they were written  for the mass audience.  This tarnishes Perrenial Favorites enough to make  it a little less than their other ventures.  Well worth the money, but a  neophite is better off getting The Inevitable (my favorite) or Hot for a  better sampling of what SNZ can do."))
(4.0, (u'B000007O6H', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  This San Francisco band has been the center of  extensive local hype based on a short EP and their live gigs.  When I first  saw 'em live, though, I was pretty let down -- too loud, too dirge-like.  The second time I saw 'em, they blew me away -- with the volume down a  notch, and better sound, they resembled a moodier Pavement (tuneful,  pleasant with a somber undercurrent).  Fortunately, the debut album jibes  more closely with my second live experience.  While at first listen you can  detect elements of your basic post-grunge clever art/angst, the catchier  tunes (most notably the first four songs on the album) and some random  bursts of sampling and odd grooves do mix things up a bit (though I could  do without some of the slower, Nick Cave-like pieces that populate the  second half of the album).  Pavement's guitarist has claimed to be a fan of  Echo &amp; The Bunnymen; Creeper Lagoon sound like what would happen if  Pavement actually tried sounding like Echo.  At best, an American version  of Radiohead; at worst, a reasonably solid debut that would go down well on  a cloudy day."))
(4.0, (u'B000007QRX', u'This album is fascinating from the first track. There is much to be  unraveled in the words of every song, be it of a mystical or more agressive  inclination. Most of the songs are quite technical in their style, opting  many times for a melodic riff with many integrated variations, instead of  the lately all-too-common &quot;three riffs make a song&quot; style in  metal. Dark Tranquillity is more of a Death Metal band, or as they call  themselves, a Melodic Death Metal style, not so much Black metal since they  do not inquire in any affairs involving satanic worshipping, a trademark of  the Black style.This album would have gotten 5 stars if not for  tracks  number 8[&quot;Still Moving Sinews&quot;] and 9 [&quot;Atom Heart  243.5&quot;], which are alltogether too similar for my taste, even using  (seems to me) the exact same intro. Also, I found the album to be rather  short, only 46 minutes with 12 songs, although it is refreshing to see that  most songs have the adequate length, unlike some of the more recent metal  bands that make the song much longer than it should be.'))
(4.0, (u'B000007RU1', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  As a long-time fan of Peter Gabriel-era Genesis, I  was part of the throngs of fanatics waiting impatiently while delay after  delay kept the long-awaited box set on the backburner for nearly 3 years.  It's finally here, and... well, it's a mixed bag.  On the plus side, I'm  excited that they made the choice to compose the box entirely of live and  rare cuts.  They've thankfully refused to join the money-grubbing record  labels filling box sets and cd reissues with both greatest hits and  rarities, ripping off both fans (who don't need the hits) and casual  listeners (who don't want the rarities).  Archives includes an  almost-complete Lamb Lies Down on Broadway concert (not my favorite work,  but it's much better live), a disc including some 1973 live cuts (probably  their best material) and rare singles, and a disc of early demos and  alternate cuts.  But the box has a lot of negatives, too.  The live stuff  is &quot;sweetened&quot; -- not just touched up in the studio, but  including some newly-recorded vocals and guitar parts.  And the volume of  early stuff (mostly demos and outtakes from their insipid first album),  while interesting to diehards, only confirms that the band did not get off  to a great start.  On the whole, this will be of minimal interest to  non-fans, annoying to serious fans, but perfectly enjoyable and interesting  for those of us who have a healthy interest in Gabriel-era Genesis."))
(4.0, (u'B0000014YD', u"Ever wished you could enter and explore the world of the Star Wars  characters all over again?  With the Shadows of the Empire soundtrack, you  can get just a tad bit closer before the prequels are released...Joel  McNeely offers up a mixed bag of musical treatments on events and  characters taken from the novel, and the results are  interesting...McNeely's musical style clearly differs from John Williams,  though it's obvious that parts of Williams work served as inspiration.  Play the CD after listening to the Special Edition Soundtracks and there is  an obvious change in composition and style...but it still works.  While  this is definitely orchestral music and suites, &lt;obviously NOT from a  movie&gt;, in some sections I would have to say McNeely does rival some of  Williams original music...particularly the powerful &quot;Night Skys&quot;,  based on Williams work.A must have to the Star Wars aficianados  collection..."))
(4.0, (u'B000002BIH', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Don't know about where you are, but Mary Lou Lord has  gotten loads of hype out here in San Francisco.  Personally, I admit being  a little befuddled as to why she retains her indie cred unlike the not  dissimilar Sheryl Crow (or the rest of the Lillith Fair types).  To be  sure, the album, a catchy batch of semi-acoustic folky power-pop, is hard  to fault (though the major league (over)production is a bit heavy-handed  for my tastes).  But it's more likely the lyrical sharpness that puts her  ahead of the pack, owing no small debt to Marshall Crenshaw and mid-period  Elvis Costello.  Bottom line, if you don't enjoy at least two-thirds of  this album, you're probably dead or beyond help.  And the amped-up  Byrds-like rocker &quot;Some Jingle Jangle Morning&quot; (not to mention  the painfully infectious &quot;His Lamest Flame&quot;) are among the year's  best ditties.  Besides, you've gotta admire her guts for risking her  alterna-chick audience with the sweet Jerry Garcia-esque &quot;Shake  Sugaree.&quot;"))
(4.0, (u'B000007SHH', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Crimson continue to reissue concert discs from  various points in their career -- and I simply cannot understand why it is  that only the Dead and Crimson are doing this, when it seems like a cheap  way of appeasing fans' desire for live music.  Oh, well.  This time around  it's a show from 1984, at the end of the band's highly successful  Fripp/Belew/Levin/Bruford combo from the early 80's.  All the hits from  that incarnation are here (&quot;Elephant Talk,&quot; &quot;Thela Hun  Ginjeet,&quot; &quot;Sleepless&quot;), and are far more exciting live than  on the original studio albums.  Needless to say, the sound is perfect  (maybe too good; the ambiance of a concert hall is sacrificed for clean  sound).  Great stuff for fans and novices alike."))
(4.0, (u'B000009CH3', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Of all the jangle-pop artists snagging the  ever-important comparison to Big Star, Washington D.C. singer/songwriter  Tommy Keene is probably the most deserving -- his vocals are reminiscent of  Alex Chilton, and the jangle-guitar-pop sound is in the same vein.  (Plus  he does a killer cover of Chilton's &quot;Hey! Little Child&quot; on  another album.)  12 years after its initial release, Songs From The Film  finally makes an appearance on cd.  It's not a great album -- the clever  lyrics often get lost in forgettable music, and Keene doesn't wield a pop  hook quite as well as, say, Matthew Sweet.  Still, this has plenty of  catchy tunes (most notably &quot;Places That Are Gone,&quot; an  unforgettable pop gem, as wells as a dead-on cover of Lou Reed's &quot;Kill  Your Sons&quot;), and it belongs up there among releases by Matthew Sweet  and the dB's for fans of the genre.  Plus, the reissue tacks on plenty of  bonus tracks, some of which (&quot;Take Back Your Letters&quot;) fit in  great alongside today's alt.country/Americana pantheon of Wilco, etc.  Hard  not to like."))
(4.0, (u'B000007OED', u"Another great release from one of the mainstays of modern punk!  Rancid's  newest release, &quot;Life Won't Wait,&quot; is punk rock at its best with  a funky mix of ska and rap-esque beats to add flavor.  Featuring  appearances by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones' Dicky Barrett, Buju Banton, and  No Doubt's Eric Stefani (among others), Rancid delivers its trademark  pulse-pounding baselines under an irresistible cover of groovin' horn  sounds and memorable lyrics.  This album has a little something for all of  their fans--the spunky &quot;Hooligans&quot; showcases a decidedly ska  bend, and &quot;Who Would've Thought&quot; and &quot;Corazon de Oro&quot;  show the band's &quot;softer&quot; =) side, but there are still tracks like  &quot;Crane Fist&quot; for the die-hard punk addicts.  In short, if you're  looking for another &quot;Let's Go,&quot; this is not it--but you might be  pleasantly surprised at the &quot;new&quot; Rancid.  I know I'll  &quot;Journey to the End&quot; with them ANY DAY!!!"))
(4.0, (u'6302060788', u"A noir-ish thriller directed by and starring Orson Welles  post-&quot;Citizen Kane&quot;.  Edward G. Robinson and Loretta Young  co-star.  Shares a neat clock-oriented subtext with &quot;The Third  Man&quot;.  The character Welles plays, a Nazi baddie named Franz Kindler,  who has established a new life for himself under a new name in  &quot;Harper&quot; (ne&eacute; Hartford), Connecticut is only a step or two  removed from the nefarious Harry Lime of Carol Reed's classic.  That was  the film in which Welles gave the great speech -- one of the film world's  best -- about Switzerland and the cuckoo clock.  &quot;The Stranger&quot;  isn't quite as clever, but it's a fine film nonetheless.  Somewhat  reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock's underrated &quot;Shadow of a Doubt&quot;,  in which Joseph Cotten played an urban killer hiding from the authorities  in the deceptive safety and security of the suburbs.  &quot;The  Stranger&quot; isn't based on Albert Camus' novel; that was made into a  film a few decades later by Italian director, Luchino Visconti."))
(4.0, (u'B0000019P9', u"Neutral milk hotel is new to me but I am very impressed! This band  combines eclectic instrumentation with powerful songwriting. Such heartfelt  and natural expression. This album grabbed me and lingered in my thought  after the first listen. Alot of the music is spooky sounding with a mix of  horns and even a musical saw. The lyrics are charming and as imaginative as  some of Syd Barret's work. The recording is the only minor drawback, some  of the recording sounds a bit fuzzy a little like GBV's work, but I love  this album still. Some of the songs are emotionally stirring to me.  &quot;In the aeroplane over the sea&quot; and &quot;Two-Headed boy&quot;  are wonderful."))
(4.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"Billy Corgan and the Smashing Pumpkins, in a bold and self-conscious  artistic statement, have done away with the former driving, bombastic idiom  of their earlier music. Gone is the powerful, richly textured multi-guitar  attack. For &quot;Adore&quot;, Corgan adopted a soothing, more sensitive  approach to the detailed instrumentation he felt was required for the  album. Chaimberlain's keen drumming was replaced by synth pads and doctored  computer loops.  The sound that the Pumpkins achieve on  &quot;Adore&quot; is rich and intense. The Pumpkins' new brand of rock  clearly makes visible its roots (goth rock, alternative, electronica  vis-a-vis techno) yet it manages to forge a new sound that is unique and  engaging. The problem lies in the songwriting. Apparently, Corgan focused  more on the texture of his new music than on the actual melodic content.  Consequently, the majority of the tunes on &quot;Adore&quot; lack the fine  craftmanship and intense melodicism that marked the Pumpkins earlier work  (particularly  &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;). However, the presence of a  handful of melodically worthy tracks (&quot;Ava Adore&quot;,  &quot;Perfect&quot;, &quot;For Martha&quot;) prove that Corgan has not lost  his ability to write a great song."))
(4.0, (u'B000009DYV', u'Some artists would be tempted to serve-up more of their last critically acclaimed work (Maal\'s Grammy nominated,"Firin\' In Fouta") that had been kick\'n African, Latin, hip-hop, reggae, rap, and dance music lovers worldwide, but not multi-talented Senegalese singer, songwriter, guitarist Baaba Maal!I give great credit for "NOMAD SOUL" because it truly is somewhat beautiful, radically diverse, and strangely consistent from the very first angelic notes of Sinead O\'Connor\'s back-up singers and throughout this entire landmark work. Unfortunately, it\'s the very diversity of singers/players and "who-knows-who/what-else(?!)" that relagates this work to more accurately seem to be a "compilation" that merely INCLUDES Baaba Maal. Indeed, it is a daring - perhaps unusual project because of it\'s diverse elements and somewhat experimental craftsmanship, but it seems to lack any sweet vibrant warmth, aliveness, excitement or human element - ALL of which truly does describe BAABA MAAL himself!One of several reasons may be that this recording is obviously over-produced. State of the art studio equipment does make it incredibly clean and a sonic wonder upon first listen; but a further critique will school your ears to the dreary boredom of over-tweaked machinery.I LOVE Baaba Maal. He is absolutely a world treasure and well worth experiencing, but this recording of Baaba Maal with what seems to be a bunch of very talented "hanger\'s-on" will probably not do your heart, soul, or ears justice.'))
(4.0, (u'0792151712', u"I didn't go to the theatre to drool about ol' Leo; I went to relive the  horror that passengers felt 86 yrs ago. I was so amazed by the special  effects! The acting was not outstanding (exept for the end) but the quality  of the film is outstanding! Though I do agree this should be rated 'R' for  the profanity and sexualality. Definitly a movie that you should watch  because this is something that really happened. In my point of view, James  Cameron was trying to let the world recognize TITANIC as a tragic, painful,  and memorable night, not only to the survivors but so that everyone could  see how a few hours can change your entire lives. If you are one who are  rating this movie a one or two star, you probably did not like the script,  but you have to admit, it is a sad thing right? See! tHAT'S Cameron's  point....to make us realize this is a tragic event. But all I'm trying to  say is that, it's really worth watching.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000003MSM', u"David Arnold possesses a remarkable penchant for being able to integrate  60's cool and orchestral majesty with contemporary technology . In between  composing the Oscar-winning soundtrack for &quot;Independence Day&quot; and  scoring the Bond opus, &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot;, Arnold found time  to retool a few of the classic Bond themes. With the aid of legends from  the realms of punk, new wave, rock, pop and dance, Arnold has created a  interestingly varied modern perspective on some of 007's finest musical  moments. Fairly traditional takes on &quot;Diamonds Are Forever&quot;,  &quot;Thunderball&quot; and &quot;Moonraker&quot;, augmented by modern  studio gimmickry, pay respectful homage to John Barry and sound incredible.  Propelled by block rockin' beats courtesy of the Propellerheads,  &quot;O.H.M.S.S.&quot;, becomes an epic monster - easily the highlight of  the whole disc. Other variations are less sucessful, however. Enlisting  Natacha Atlas to add an authentic Eastern flavor to &quot;From Russia With  Love&quot; probably seemed like a good idea, but the results are less than  intoxicating. Aimee Mann's dour approach to &quot;Nobody Does It  Better&quot; suggests that someone could have done it much better. And  Pulp's read on &quot;All Time High&quot; is bizarre, to say the least.  Elsewhere in the instrumental department, Leftfield turn out a spacey  breakbeat version on &quot;Space March&quot; from &quot;You Only Live  Twice&quot;, while drum 'n' bass maestro L.T.J. Bukem corrupts the  &quot;James Bond Theme&quot; beyond recognition. The tribute album concept  in general is a dodgy affair and typically yields inconsistant results. By  overseeing the entire project, Arnold is able to maintain a consistant  production quality throughout the entire compilation while still allowing  for the artists individual expressions. &quot;Shaken And Stirred&quot; is  an entertaining and worthwhile investment for all Bond fans."))
(4.0, (u'B0000013DK', u"Karl Denson, tenor sax player for the San Diego-based Greyboy All-Stars,  has produced an excellent album, guaranteed to make toes tap at your next  house party. To call this acid jazz misses the point somewhat, given the  mediocre quality of many performers in that genre. This is groove-oriented  jazz, I have no idea why Karl and the rest of his Greyboy band mates aren't  signed on Blue Note &amp; making huge waves at jazz festivals all over the  world. There are not only some great chops on this album, it's got great  compositions and some intricate, complex interplay unheard in trendier  groups. This album won't change the world, but it is a heck of a good time."))
(4.0, (u'B000003ZAO', u"As Rough Cutt come together for their 90's try at recapturing their 80's  glory (see Ratt, Quiet Riot, Poison, Cinderella, Warrant, Culture Club,  actually everyone from the 80's is having a reunion this year!), we find a  tasty chocolate kiss with a new flavor in the center.  This disc finds the  band in Japan,1986 playing some very raw versions of the standout tracks  off of both their debut and &quot;Wants You&quot; albums. The band's liner  notes explain that their is little or no technical doctoring anywhere on  the live material from this disc.  The new studio material,(one cut  &quot;House of Pain&quot; on the domestic, two more on the import!)sounds  like an eighties metal band playing nineties music. Which of course, is  what it is! However, Just because Nirvana and Alice in Chains sell, doesn't  mean that we need more of it! One of the things we loved about the old  rock/metal scene was it's sense of fun. We really don't need more dreary  'complaint rock'! Come on guys, Smile, and bring back our rock-n-roll!"))
(4.0, (u'B000007SNC', u"Okay, I'll admit it, I tried very hard not to like this CD, but the  persuasive beats and compelling lyrics have moved this into my 'frequent  play' roster.  Yes, I loved N'Dea when she laced the Heavies' acid jazz  grooves, but I did wonder what she could do on her own.  Now we all know.  This CD has it all.  From the smoothed out social statment in 'Real Life'  (which is now the background music on my answering machine) and the  laid-back 'When the Night Falls' to the Heavies-esque 'Underneath A Red  Moon' you can't help but press repeat (or rewind, for all you cassetties  out there) button and groove on this 24/7."))
(4.0, (u'B0000009UX', u"The true test of good Costello is ... do you find the songs running  through your head hours later?  With this album, I find one whole side  buzzing in my head - the second.  (In CD land where there is no sides, this  means songs 8 and up).  &quot;Pidgin English&quot; has one line that slides  so gracefully over one held synthsizer note that it's unforgettable.  You'll know what I mean when you come to it.  Keeping the songs short, yet  substantial, Costello works as if he were writing for 78's, and the sound  resembles that somewhat.  Lots of piano.  Yet not really nostalgic either.  I don't find the first side as compelling, and yet &quot;And In Every  Home&quot; is so charming that it almost redeems it.  Timneless All in all,  this is the one Costello album with an infinite Sell By date."))
(4.0, (u'B000009CJZ', u"I hate these damn music union rules that keep most of Goldsmith's albums  down to a measley 30 mins.  SMALL SOLDIERS sure is teriffic, especially in  the triumphant last two tracks, but wouldn't it be even better if we had an  additional fifteen minutes to build up attachments to the various themes?  Okay, aside from this complaining (and there isn't much I can do about it)  this is a fun Goldsmith work, revisiting both the musical styles of  PATTON/MACARTHUR/ TWILIGHT'S LAST GLEAMING and the his wonderfully  schizophrenic work on Dante's GREMILINS.  The Military style meets the  adorable suburban style.  Get this through your skull, James Horner --  GOLDSMITH STILL RULES!"))
(4.0, (u'B000009OL4', u"The description has been done before, with the &quot;trip-hop&quot; beats  and whatnot, so I won't go into that in too much detail. As always, LSD has  crafted yet another very ear-pleasing CD, and this time the prodigious  studio talents of guitarist Ryan Lum are foremost. Put Ryan at the knobs,  and you can't go wrong, I always say. The experimental mix of atmosphere  and melody is fully realized and successful, but as with the previous album  _Ever_, just a shadow of a lack of songwriting substance is noticeable; a  slight overemphasis on studio techniques and guitar tweakage. I feel that  the best songs: &quot;City Moon&quot;, &quot;Nova&quot;, and  &quot;Ring&quot;, really carry this album, the rest of the tracks being  nice although not particularly striking. And I do think the gratuitous  inclusion of the 8-minute, drastically remixed and loop-the-looped  &quot;Sunset Bell&quot; (originally from _Ardor_) is kind of a waste, as it  does get a bit repetitive and annoying. So from all I've said, this CD must  seem pretty flawed, but really it's very good overall; it earns its four  stars I gave it, and I'd recommend it to anyone."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AEFF', u"The album has thirteen tracks but not all are full-length songs.  This  troubles me.  It has been a few years now since Astro-Creep 2000 and it is  great to hear Zombie's gutteral rants again but he had a lot of time to  produce this album.  If you have 74 minutes of space on a cd, why not use  it? The album is a scant 38 minutes.  &quot;Dragula&quot; kicks ass.  &quot;Living Dead Girl&quot; kicks ass.  In fact every full length song  kicks ass.  All in all, it is a great album. I hope that on White Zombie's  next album that he puts a little more effort into giving his true fans an  album as long as and as heavy as Astro-Creep.  Get this album.  Also check  out Rammstein's new one if you like this type of music.  Oh yeah, love the  horror motif on &quot;Hellbilly Deluxe&quot;.  Kinda makes me feel like I  am listening to &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot;."))
(4.0, (u'B000002HCB', u"Iain Matthews is still around performing and recording, but in my view his  best period was in the early 70's, with albums like 'If You Saw Thru' My  Eyes', 'Tigers Will Survive' and 'Vally Hi'. The Soul of Many Places is a  collection from three albums Iain Matthews recorded for the Elektra label  in the early 70's. The first one being a group effort by Plainsong (the  underestimated, but still very impressive 'In Search of Amelia Earhart'),  the other two solo efforts ('Vally Hi' and 'Some Days You Eat The  Bear...'). This collection offers sixteen regular tracks and two never  before released songs ('Poor Ditching Boy' and 'You Fell Through My Mind').  Iain Matthews has always been more a singer than a songwriter, and this  collection shows his talents going through songs by Tom Waits ('Ol '55'),  Michael Nesmith ( 'Propinquity') and Danny Whitten ('I Don't Want To Talk  About It'). If you're not familiar with Iain Matthews' music, this is a  very good collection to start with."))
(4.0, (u'B000005CTW', u'This was the first Fairport CD I bought at the first live concert I had ever been to. This and the concert was enough to sway me onto Fairport and get more and more albums.This CD is very good it has a few jigs and tunes (Youngest Daughter especially reccomended) and a number of good songs. It is a reasonably new CD (about three years old) so it features the last group (Simon Nicol, Rick Sanders, Maart (my hero), Peggy and DM.) This was before the most recent group (as in Who knows where the time goes) where Maart and DM had left so this is probably the best most recent CD.'))
(4.0, (u'B000001EMW', u"I had no idea what to expect when I bought this, but being a die-hard  Metallifuk I had to see what it had to offer.  Man was I surprised!  The  arrangements of the songs on this album really hightlight the incredible  song writing tallents that METALLICA posseses.  Some of the songs actually  sound like they were written for the cello, and most of the others are well  adapted to this instrument.  If you want to hear the music behind METALLICA  then this is the album for you; no lyrics to interfere (although one of the  cellos does follow the vocal line in each song), no drums, nothing but the  music.  I applaud APOCALYPTICA's work."))
(4.0, (u'6303326838', u"This film is the second in Krzysztof Kieslowski's &quot;Trois  Couleurs&quot; trilogy (&quot;Blue,&quot; &quot;White,&quot; and  &quot;Red,&quot; after the colors of the French flag).  While it contains  some quite surprising plot twists, overall it doesn't have the same  emotional impact as the first and last movies do.Zbigniew Zamachowski  plays Karol Karol, a Polish immigrant living in Paris with his wife,  Dominique (Julie Delpy).  As the film opens, Karol and Dominique are in  divorce court; she wants the divorce, he doesn't. She wins, and he is left  with nothing but a large suitcase -- in which he manages to send himself  back to Poland, with unexpected results.While white is traditionally  the color of marriage, in this film it is the color of divorce.  Throughout  the movie the sky is a bleak, almost colorless shade of white, reflecting  Karol's mood.  The divorce proceedings take place in a white marble  courtyard, and after the hearing Dominique drives away in a white car.  When Karol returns to Poland, the countryside is buried under a layer of  snow.  More than that, the color symbolizes the sterility of their  marriage: Dominique's grounds for divorce are that the marriage has never  been consummated.For the rest of the film, Karol struggles to rebuild  his life and to win back Dominique.  The movie is enjoyable, with highly  original subplots. The actors turn in fine performances, and the direction  (as one would expect from Kieslowski) is intriguing without being  heavy-handed.  However, for a film that focuses on such emotional topics as  love and death, it fails to rouse intense emotions in the viewer.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B0000088XF', u"After the Archies stopped making music (as if they were ever a bona fide  band), lead singer and occasional songwriter Ron Dante released a few solo  efforts.  This is the first (I think!) of three or four solo albums.  (And  of course, that was before he became Barry Manilow's producer...)This CD  appears to have been mastered from original master tapes.  The sound  quality is excellent.The songs themselves -- well, that's sometimes a  different story.The songwriting forces behind the Archies were led by  Jeff Barry, who wrote (often in collaboration with Andy Kim) most of the  groups best songs.  Dante himself wrote a few of the band's songs, none of  them major hits.On this CD, he wrote every song.  His style is  unmistakable, a fact which works both to advantage and disadvantage.  Of  the 10 songs in this collection, all are competent efforts, and almost all  could have been cut from the same mold.There are a few standouts,  though.  the quasi-title cut (actually, &quot;Let Me Bring You Up&quot;) is  a snappy number, and &quot;How Do You Know&quot; is almost as good as  anything ever released in the Archies' name.The only problem I have with  the CD overall is that the liner notes, such as they are, are in Japanese.  Well, no surprise, since this CD was produced by a Japanese firm.  Still, I  like credits.  I want to know who produced the album, who played, and that  sort of thing.I give this CD 4 stars, with the caveat that unless you  liked the Archies, or just feel adventurous, it may seem like fairly  generic, late-60s/early-70s pop.  Well, nostalgia is big these days.  Who  knows?  Try it and see!  I think it's worth it."))
(4.0, (u'B0000009OL', u"This album, though containing no radio staples, is full of pieces that all  work very well. There is not a bad song in the lot. For me, the highlight  is the amount of acoustic guitar work within the album. Sheraton Gibson,  Parvardigar, Let's See Action and Pure &amp; Easy are some of the better  tracks. Check out the 'bonus' tracks not released on the original,  especially the version included of The Seeker. Ronnie Lane and Billy  Nichols are featured on the album. Sleeper tune for this album is Forevers  No Time At All. Comparing this with other Townshend solo efforts, I would  say this is a 'Chinese Eyes' style, with less production."))
(4.0, (u'B000000PLC', u"Oh Snakefinger, why did you have to go?  Snakefinger, was one of the most  interesting and talented guitarists/songwriters ever to pick up an axe.  This collection is a good place to start and, unfortunatly probably the end  of the search.  Most of this brainac's work is out of print.  Given his  virtual total obscurity in life, his death has done little to illuminate  his talents.  I will not bother reviewing specific cuts.  They are all so  diverse and marvelous, mere words fail.  Make no mistake, this stuff is  callenging and witty so only go here if you like to challenged and played  with.  He was the guitarist of choice for San Francisco greats The  Residents and had a Crackerjack band anchored by keyboardist Eric Drew  Feldman.  (Where are his albums on this infernal web site?)  Sankefinger is  sort of a mix of Zappa eclecticism, the demented pop sensibilities of Syd  Barret and mid-sixties Brian Wilson.  Just get this record, if you dont  groove on  it, you are a mope.  I welcome your comments.  Wave your freak  flag."))
(4.0, (u'B000002BXQ', u"I first heard Brad in the fall of 1995 when someone i went to school with  leant me the Shame cd.  I was not all that impressed with what i saw as a  hybrid of the Commodors and Neil Young.  I was a big Pearl Jam fan and was  hoping that since Stone Gossard was in Brad that the record would sound  like PJ.  Of course it did not.Last summer I had the immense pleasure of  seeing Brad play shorlty after the release of their second album Interiors.  I was very impressed.  My taste in music has evolved quite a bit since I  was eighteen.  This was made evident to me when Brad's Interiors blew me  away.  Even though it sounds nothing like Pearl Jam, as I once hoped it  would, It rocks on it's own merit.  Songs like Secret Girl, The Day Brings,  Lift and Sweet Al George make this a worthy record.  The funky grooves and  ballads on this record instantly made it one of my favorites.  Sweet Al  George even gave me a little bit of the Pearl Jam flavor I had originally  hoped for back in '95.  I would reccomend this record to any rock and roll  fan, or even fans of late seventies funk, like the Commodors.  If it is a  Pearl Jam record you are looking for, however, try Seven Mary Three.  Interiors is a great record.  Shawn Smith is an incredibly talented and  charismatic vocalist.  Check him out in concert if you ever get the chance,  either in Brad, or in his other band Satchel."))
(4.0, (u'B000002ZC0', u"I have been a Dottie West fan for quite sometime, and I have been looking  for re-issues and other material, but this CD is worth buying.  This  collection showcases 20 of Dottie's biggest hits from the late '70s and  early '80s.  Many fans will be content to hear these tunes again, as most  of these songs have been absent from radio for YEARS.  There are many duets  with Kenny Rogers, and all her big solo hits are here as well.  Included  with the CD is a nice booklet and decent biography of the late Dottie West,  as well as chart positions for the various songs.  The only reason I didn't  give the collection 5 stars is because there were many more songs that were  hits, that should have been included with this set. Personally, I would  like to see a box-set issued sooner or later, as Dottie's recording career  spanned nearly 30 years, and included many, many hits too numerous too  mention here.  In closing, I would say this is a definite must-have for any  true Country Music lover.  I think most people will be pleased.  Also, give  a listen to the &quot;Essential Dottie West&quot; CD as well."))
(4.0, (u'B0000028RR', u"Few bands can do more with Bass, Drums, Guitar and Vocals than Rage  Against The Machine.  If poof of this fact is what you are looking for, buy  the band's self titled debut.  This album is Rage Against the Machine at  their best and most pissed off.  Listening to songs like Wake Up and  Killing in the Name, you can't help but feel the festering rage of Zach de  la Rocha.  Sure, his lyrics can seem a bit cliche, but they are convincing  none the less.  Who else could pull of the refrain &quot;F**k you, I won't  do what you tell me&quot;?  Zach's politically motivated poetry,  remeniscent of the best of 1970s punk music, is balanced perfectly by the  vurtuistic guitar of Tom Morello who has always been a very good guitarist,  and continues to improve.  I considder this record a must have in any rock  &amp; rol music collection."))
(4.0, (u'B000002LN7', u'HEART STILL BEATING isn\'t Roxy in prime form--for that you\'d have to refer  to VIVA!(1976), but it is a good representation of their later work and it  covers one song not represented anywhere else(Neil Young\'s "Like a  Hurricane").Clearly this tour was a compromise between their solo  work(Ferry\'s "Can\'t let go" and Manzanera\'s "Impossible  Guitar") and group compositions.  Ferry is in fine form and the band\'s  playing is impeccable. Manzanera rips off some fiery solos. Still, it feels  as if some of the passion has gone out of the band\'s playing. Some of the  older material is played as if by route("Out of the blue",  "Love is the drug"--an exception to this is the frantic  "Editions of you"), while the newer material clearly elicits the  most interest. Perhaps they were just bored playing the  hits.Nevertheless, this is a fine disc with many treasures. Although it  is curious that the record company(and Rhett Davies the producer of both  the original HIGH ROAD album and this album) chose to open the  album with "India"--which is a recording of from the AVALON album  and not live.Bryan Ferry has stated his dissatisfaction with this album  and it was released(supposedly)over his objections after his E.G. contract  was up. One can only imagine that Bryan would have liked a more fiery  performance represented on disc(there are plenty of bootlegs out there from  the FLESH & BLOOD and MANIFESTO tours that are such).'))
(4.0, (u'B00000342D', u"Put on the CD, close your eyes and let your imagination soar.  You won't  see  Leonardo or Kate on the bow of a computer generated Titanic, but you  will &quot;smell&quot; the ambiance and style of 1912.  People wanting  sensation won't find it on this CD, but if you want to authetically re-live  the period's music (and get a real feeling for life grand and not so grand  at the time) then this is a must.  (p.s.  Don't be put off by the second  track...a bit of out of place maudlin poetry which tries to set the mood  and place, but distracts from the overall beauty and feel of the music.)"))
(4.0, (u'B000005RWE', u"Depth. That is the word that comes to mind when thinking about Pat Metheny  and his music. This recording was a pleasant surprise. Having not heard  much about it I figured it was one to be brushed under the rug. But I was  pleasantly wrong. Thought not as &quot;catchy&quot;, perhasp, as several of  the latest PMG offerings, Pasdsagio Per Il Paradiso is a lush, satisfying  suite of themes. Like some of the softer selections from Falcon and the  Snowman, the tome is reflective and introspective, aside from a pulsating,  optimistic closing.  The playing is solid, the sounds are familiar, wth  emphasis on the Synclavier. No, not a ground breaker, but I like this album  because it offers me a more complete picture of Pat Metheny as a composer  and an instrumentalist. I can almost see pitcures from the movie (which I  have not yet seen) when listening to this recording. That, to me, is the  sign of an effective soundtrack recording. I think we'll hear more movie  music from Pat in the future. It suits him. It suits me."))
(4.0, (u'B000005YZH', u'Long one of the hottest acts on the blues circuit-as much for Bnois King\'s  soulful vocals as Joe Kubek\'s blazing guitar-this Texas band keeps getting  better with every album. The band\'s latest CD, "Take Your Best Shot" (its  sixth for Bullseye Blues and Jazz), again spotlights the twin-guitar attack  of Kubek and King, but they sound even wilder than usual this time. That\'s  probably because of the production of Jim Gaines, who helmed Stevie Ray  Vaughan\'s "In Step" and Luther Allison\'s three final albums. Standout  tracks include the funky "Roll of the Dice," the sultry shuffle "You Said  `I Love You\' First" (featuring Little Milton on guitar), and the  hard-rocking title track. Jimmy Thackery sits in on the intense "Worst  Heartache." One oddball but fun track is "Spanish Trance," which showcases  Kubek\'s psychedelic guitar textures. This a must-have for blues guitar  fans.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002KDO', u"Paranoid was a very difficult act to follow but Black Sabbath showed that  metal does not need a reworking after a breakthrough album.  Probably a  very underrated album, Master of Reality still retains the driving rhythms  of Tony Iommi, excellent and odd timings of  drumming by Bill Ward,  Geezer's melodic bass riffs and lyrics which embody all that we come to  expect from Black Sabbath, i.e. fascination with war, the occult, morbid  conerns of death, etc. Two instrumentals of Tony Iommi themselves are worth  the purchase.  Who says that a heavy metal band can't have an acoustic and  a classical interest? Heavy concert hitters like Children of the Grave,  Sweet Leaf and After Forever drive the album to a gentler close with the  very moving &quot;Solitude&quot;.  Master of Reality has it all here, so  get it."))
(4.0, (u'B000006NI1', u'On "Blackjack David" , Dave Alvin continues his journey away from rock and  roll toward a more folky sound. No longer content to pen modern-day Chuck  Berry songs as he did in the Blasters, Alvin has honed a clawhammer  acoustic guitar style that provides the perfect setting for his poignant,  late-night narratives like "Evening Blues" and "Mary Brown." Standout  tracks include the pensive "From a Kitchen Table," the bluesy "New  Highway," and the title track, which is an traditional folk song.  "Abilene," with its anthemic chorus, is another winner. Merle Haggard  should cover "California Snow" and "Laurel Lynn" could have been a hit for  The Band 30 years ago. Alvin\'s voice has never sounded better or more  expressive, especially on the eerie "Tall Trees." While his evolution  toward folk might frustrate longtime Blasters fans, the rest of us who are  plain Dave Alvin fans can revel in his continued growth as singer,  guitarist and songwriter.'))
(4.0, (u'B000003YTC', u"Milford Graves is a true renaisance man. When the &quot;avant-garde&quot;  in jazz had assembled itself in the 60's, Milford Graves was one of the  first drummers to take that bold step to liberate his instrument from the  role of a metric &quot;time-keeper.&quot; Unfortunately the extent to which  he has contributed and advanced the vocabulary of his instrument can only  be matched by the degree to which he remains somewhat of an unknown to the  populace at large. In the 60's Graves recorded with Paul Bley, Giuseppi  Logan, Lowell Davidson, as a member of the New York Art Quartet and with  Albert Ayler. Since then he has been documented seldomly on record. There  has been in recent years a multi-percussional recording with Andrew  Cyrille, Kenny Clarke and Fomoudo Don Moye (&quot;Pieces of Time&quot; -  Soul Note) and a duo album with Saxophonist David Murray (&quot;Real  Deal&quot; - DIW) He can not be found performing regularly short of a gig  with William Parker and Charles Gayle either in the basement of his home  before an audience of students, friends and family or at the annual Vision  for the 21st Century Festival in New York. So it goes without saying that  this album is indeed a rare treat. This solo recording is about a great  deal more than just drumming. Graves is a multifaceted human being who's  skills exhaust, though not limited to, the percussionist's arsenal; but  also the revered fields of accupuncture, herbalism, homeopathic medicine  and martial arts. All of these aspects are components not only to Grave's  approach to his instrument, but how he physically deploys his instrument to  the task at hand. The music sounds less like a studio session and more like  a documentary of a very personal incantation. The listener shouldn't feel  compelled to &quot;understand&quot; the material or assimilate it to the  confines of a more accessable logic. His prowess is staggering. His sense  of time is omnipotent and yet cannot be decoded. This is the work of a  master. We're not expected to &quot;get it.&quot; We can only marvel at the  ability demonstrated. One simply partakes of this work by witnessing and we  do this when we listen. I found it to be a most worth-while experience."))
(4.0, (u'B000005S2H', u"After two less than stellar albums, ABC(namely Martin Fry since Mark White  chose not to attend this reunion) has released its best album in some time.  The sound embraces both their early dance inspired Roxy Music period, as  well as, house, drum &amp; bass and the wide variety of different musical  forms that have taken root since their last album in 1991.That doesn't  mean that Fry/ABC have lost their musical voice or sound--they've managed  to incorporate new elements as all developing bands should.The departure  of Mark White has, surprisingly, reinvigorated the &quot;band&quot;.  Although founding member White's creative partnership with Fry will be  missed,  Fry has the added input of songwriting collaborator/musical  contributor Glenn Gregory from Heaven 17 and this more than makes up for  White's loss. It's unclear if he is to become a permanent fixture in the  band(probably not), but his input has helped Fry put together the best ABC  album since 1987.Fry's vocals are passionate. The musical tracks are  outstanding. Definitely a must have for ABC fans."))
(4.0, (u'B00000618F', u"on this album, gas huffer retreats slightly from the rockabilly sound of  their previous albums, and experiments with some odd songs.  there are some  tracks which sound like classic huffer (jungles of guam, rotten egg, and  beware of viking, for example) but there is also &quot;last act&quot;,  which sounds like demented carnival music, and &quot;you may already have  won&quot;, which sounds like late 60's Kinks.  singer matt wright even  picks up a guitar on a few songs to add more layers.  the production is  excellent, and the gas huffer energy is still there in force.  a very good  and interesting album."))
(4.0, (u'B000001OYO', u"Happy as I am to see SONY/Columbia repent for past neglect by re-releasing  this CD, I will be even happier when Ellis's later works, particularly the  over-the-top &quot;Live at the Fillmore&quot; and the almost career-capping  &quot;Tears of Joy&quot; are back on the shelves. Meanwhile, though, there  is plenty to celebrate in the return (in decent-plus sound) of this album.  Ellis's accomplishments, including the use of multiple time signatures,  electronic instruments and what we would vaguely now call  &quot;world-beat&quot; influences have been long negelcted. Now, with  &quot;Electric Bath&quot; in the stores, the re-evaluation can begin.  &quot;EB&quot; showcases all the elements that Ellis would return to again  and again: smart, complicated writing that swings far more than the  time-signatures would seem to allow (no small tribute to the musicians  Ellis trained to do so), some fine soloists (check out trombonist Ron  Meyers on &quot;Indian Lady&quot; and &quot;Turkish Bath,&quot; and Mike  Lang's remarkably barrelhouse 17/4 piano workout on &quot;New  Horizons&quot; ) and, of course, the trumpeter/leader himself, whose  playing, though spotty at certain parts of his register, can also be  astonishingly finished technically, and as is shown on the tape-loop  section of &quot;Open Beauty,&quot; delicately inventive. Still, there are  a few lesser moments. Hank Levy, who would later provide some of Ellis's  better charts (&quot;Rock Odyssey&quot; and the marvelous &quot;Chain  Reaction&quot;) checks in only with &quot;Alone,&quot; a 5/4 latin workout  which rarely rises above pretty. And &quot;Indian Lady&quot; somehow no  longer seems as fresh as I remembered it. But the remaining work,  especially &quot;Turkish Bath&quot; and &quot;New Horizons&quot; has stayed  as startling and inventive as when I encountered this album 25 years ago.  Now it's time for SONY/Columbia to hold to the promise generated by the  appearance of this work. More Ellis. The really good stuff is still out  there."))
(4.0, (u'B0000061UA', u"It appears that history has treated the hillbilly wampum of part-Cherokee  Hawaiian slide guitar master Jenks &quot;Tex&quot; Carman with a decidedly  cold touch. We read in the liner notes to this terrific collection that  Carman, like similar oddball geniuses, had his crazed approach to cowpoke  guitar demystified by a conspiracy of squares who deemed Tex too  unprofessional and/or unorthodox for true study. Why, it just makes my  blood boil. The consummate singing cowboy, but packing a twisted little bag  of &quot;extras&quot;, Jenks Carman could bend a string and coax a variety  of wild sounds from his laptop guitar like few others of his day.  &quot;Hillbilly Hula&quot; was his signature number, and in the three  versions presented here the man never strays from his vaudeville roots  while still making the strings on his guitar dance like a pack of drunken  wagoneers.  This collection takes a handful of 78s waxed for the 4  Star label in the late 40s and early 50s and pairs them with some later  recordings for Capitol, while throwing in a great three-song interlude for  the U.S. Air Force's &quot;Country Music Time&quot; radio show from 1957.  The latter is a blatant recruitment tool by the oppressor (complete with a  long pitch to join the &quot;aerospace team&quot;), but Jenks shows he's  nobody's puppet - he just blows the man clean away with a blazing  &quot;Dixie Cannonball&quot;, &quot;Hillbilly Hula&quot; and &quot;Cripple  Creek&quot;! And you'll surely want to check out his until-now unreleased  song that makes fun of stutterers. It's another re-opened chapter in  American roots music -- alive, vital and raw as hell."))
(4.0, (u'B0000048D9', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  The late Epic Soundtracks started out as the drummer  for the Swell Maps, an obscure experimental group, and later played drums  for a few other 2nd/3rd-tier post-punk bands.  So his solo debut was  something of a shock:  simple, singer-songwriter ballads, almost entirely  just piano &amp; vocal (with a few fully-orchestrated tunes with members of  Sonic Youth, amid others, helping out).  The album is a complete throwback  to early-70's acts like Badfinger, Todd Rundgren, and Harry Nilsson --  maybe even the Carpenters (for whom Soundtracks confessed some admiration)  -- making for a perfect Sunday-morning listen.  It has a pervasively sad,  nostalgic feel to it, but really draws you in."))
(4.0, (u'B000005AM3', u"Morphine are the kings of slow seductive music. Mark Sandman's vocals are  at once haunting and hypnotic, while the music drips with...for lack of a  better word, morphine. With Like Swimming Morphine aren't so much obsessed  with one topic like their other albums seemed to be. Like Swimming appears  to hav ethe feel of an album devoting to simply pleasureable listening.  This album reeks of swank and swagger with tracks like &quot;Early to  Bed&quot;, &quot;Potion&quot;, and &quot;Eleven O'Clock&quot; all give you  the impression that these guys love themselves and theirs lives in a really  bizarre way. Of course, the sombre love songs appear, but are they really  &quot;love songs&quot;? &quot;Swing it Low&quot; and &quot;Empty Box&quot;  appear to be more like songs that one sends to the one you're stalking. But  one can't deny the groove of &quot;Hanging on a Curtain&quot; or the drive  of &quot;I know you, pt. III&quot;. Morphine aren't doing anything new on  this album, they're simply letting their sound mature and their song  writing skill go in whatever direction it wants. This album is aptly named,  listening to it gives you the feeling of moving through water--at once  slow, bizarre, exhilirating, and dreamlike."))
(4.0, (u'B000001FIC', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Stephin Merritt writes sensitive pop-poetry, and his  band, the Magnetic Fields, has put out some albums of melodic ditties with  lovelorn lyrics and lo-fi (primarily synthesizer-driven) instrumentation.  But far better is this one-shot effort as The 6ths (the band name &amp;  album title were chosen as a tongue-twister:  try saying it out loud), in  which Merritt turns over vocal duties to a Who's Who of alternative rock  heroes (including Dean Wareham of Luna, Lou Barlow of Sebadoh, Mac  McCaughan of Superchunk, Georgia Hubley of Yo La Tengo, Robert Scott of the  Bats, Mitch Easter, Barbara Manning, etc.).  So the album manages to sound  a bit like a cover-song compilation, with Merritt's sweet melodies, quiet  keyboards and guitars, and simple but moving lyrics being the constants  holding the whole thing together.  It's a lush treat that should not be  missed."))
(4.0, (u'B0000003RJ', u"This album, I believe the follow up to &quot;There's a Light Beyond These  Woods&quot;, displays Ms. Griffith's amazing ability to remain true to the  roots of folk music.  Such tunes as 'Heart of a Miner' and 'The Trouble  with Roses' weave stories that are expressive in a way that can only be  displayed by the ballads of this genre of music.  I have always been a fan  of acoustic based music such as has been recorded by artists like Emmylou  Harris and Peter Rowan, even Richard Shindell.  I don't absolutely love  every track, but they are all pleasent to listen to and I think 'Workin in  Corners' is arguably one of the best songs Nanci has ever recorded,  although that is a hard choice, indeed.  If you're looking for something  uptempo, you probably won't find much of that on this album, but there is  plenty of that on her more recent releases.  I like the nostalgia of  listening to these earlier recordings because of the honesty and simple  quality of these songs.  In short, if you love folk ballads and love songs  with a story, then buy this album now!  You won't find better."))
(4.0, (u'B00000298D', u"Fans of Jimmie Vaughan's razor sharp blues playing with the Fabulous  Thunderbirds will be somewhat puzzled by his post Thunderbirds departures  on Strange Pleasure. Here Vaughan's post-modern twist on blues seems to  rely less on adherence to form and more on capturing an almost intangible  blues &quot;feel&quot;. Vaughan's chunky, economical guitar playing has  become much more unpredictable, riskier, even abstract. The band seems to  kick out funky grooves with such understated cool that some critics,  apparently Emaps Phil Sutcliff among them, seem to miss the point entirely:  the album is an exercise in stripped down, sympathetic, give and take  ensemble work (dig that Hammond B3!), layered with well-designed parts and  rock-solid architecture that simmers beneath a laid back surface. But  Strange Pleasure goes beyond craft. Every song on the album seems to have a  sense of not-quite-right weirdness, seems to be hiding something subversive  just out of sight. Ever wonder how David Lynch might have turned out had he  played the guitar? Here is my best guess."))
(4.0, (u'B000002JD0', u"This is perhaps the most amazing tribute album, but chances are that most  people have no idea who Rainer Ptacek is. From hearing the songs on this  album it's a damn shame. This tribute was put together by Howe Gelb of  Giant Sand, along with help from Roger Plant. The songs on here are  performed magnificently, and I would imagine that Rainer was quite proud of  the out come. Giant Sand perfrom with Rainer on the track &quot;The Inner  Flame&quot; that meshes Gelb's guitar methods perfectly with Rainers steel  guitar, Plant &amp; Page deliever an powerful version of &quot;Rude  World&quot;, Emmylou Harris gives us a preacher's ode with &quot;The Good  Book&quot; that should be played in all Sunday schools, and Evan Dando of  the Lemonheads delievers a heartwarming cover of &quot;Rudy with a  Flashlight&quot;. The album does stagnate a little towards the middle.  However, PJ Harvey/John Parish/Eric Drew Feldman slam you awake with their  thundering version of &quot;Losin' Ground&quot;. The Drovers, in essence,  become the song they do, &quot;Worried Spirits&quot;, as they play misty  and haunting melodies. The surprise tracks are LK with &quot;I am a  Sinner&quot; and Jonathan Richman with &quot;Broken Promises&quot;. This  album is a great buy even if you have no clue who Rainer Ptacek is and if  you're a fan of Rainer's you'll be happy with what the kids do with the  songs."))
(4.0, (u'B000009RNB', u"I'm ashamed to say that Rolling Stone reviewed this album before I even  knew it was out.  In that review, this doorknob compared Gentleman's Blues  to Camper Van B.'s work-  I'm assuming based solely on the track &quot;I  Want Out of the Circus.&quot; As usual, the editorial staff there just  doesn't know it's ass from it's elbow when it comes to giving meaningful  and concise album reviews.I must admit, I had my mouth all watery for a  repeat of the magnum opus that is Golden Age (5 stars).  Having followed  the steady evolution of Cracker from it's debut release, I was a bit taken  aback by Gentleman's Blues.  Here I was expecting another trippy,  off-the-wall collection of disparate tracks that blew my mind away from the  first note of &quot;Big Dipper,&quot; and what I got instead was a solid,  cohesive body of songs that segue smoothly into one another... a kick in  the ass to remind me that Cracker is a rock band, not some space-age  cosmonaut always out to push the boundaries of sound.  Maybe I've been  listening to too much Massive Attack lately.At any rate, Cracker's  Johnny Hickman has just about perfected the vibrato-guitar sound on  Gentleman's Blues, and slow-burners like &quot;James River&quot; show off  how well Hickman and David Lowery have blended their unique styles.  The  band has developed a keener sense of the effectiveness of percussion in  accenting both lyric and music, and though this album may sound stripped  down to an untrained listener, further inspection reveals some very well  thought-out, intricate songsmithing.This is a good album.  It's a  plateau, not in the sense of peaking and being unable to push further, but  rather a foothold that Cracker has made for themselves to become  established as competent songwriters."))
(4.0, (u'B000002BUP', u"Most definitely some of the best stuff Ocasek's done.  Billy Corgan helped  produce this as well as play guitar on most (all?) of the cuts, and his  influence shines throughout the album.  Melissa auf der Maur (Hole) and  Brian Baker (Bad Religion) round out the project.  The sound overall is  very tight and and the tracks are varied.  The first five songs are the  best portion of the album, but the whole LP is very enjoyable to listen to.  It's great to hear Ric with a band and producer who can fully capitalize  on his distinct voice and style.  This is definitely worth buying,  especially if you're a Cars or Smashing Pumpkins fan."))
(4.0, (u'0790735911', u"South Park was a sensation almost within days of being aired. The inspired  wierdness of the humour and the total lack of political correctness have  served the series well. This video details two (yes, only two) episodes of  the series. An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig is the archtypal SP episode. At  least one scene to make you wonder how this can happen on your television,  a couple of running gags, some humour - driven violence and an off beat  ending. Suffice to say, the kids attempt to mate an elephant with a pig in  order to create smaller elephants, along the way enlisting the aid of an  insane genetic engineer who creates a Frankensteins monster type clone of  one of the kids. Wierd, but Goddamn funny. Death (the second episode)  parodies many of South Parks opponents in merciless fashion. however, after  this pair (the final pair of the first half-season) the show is all  downhill. With the exception of Halloween and Christmas. both within the  next few weeks none of the newer episodes from the second half of season  one into season two even come close to matching any of the first half dozen  that were made. The inspired insanity has gone to be replaced with a series  of stretched, sick plotlines which go way too far with a bunck of one-joke  characters (and they are, don't doubt it). This video (and the previous  two) are worth getting, and include some incredibly staged and deliberately  fake interviews with the writers. But after this one? Nah.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B000006NKS', u"As a long time fan of NoMeansNo, I can say that this is the album I've  been waiting for since 0+2=1.  Tom Hollistien, the new guitarist has  finally settled in, and developed a style with the Brothers Wright.  This  album has a little bit of everthing, from Epic Pounding songs like  &quot;The Rape&quot; to Hanson Brother style songs like &quot;Going  Nowhere&quot;.  For fans and newcommers, this is a great CD.  It is safe to  say that NoMeansNo remains one of the most creative of all Hardcore bands,  and probably will remain so for years to come.  Old age has done nothing to  dull their talents."))
(4.0, (u'B000002UAX', u"After Sgt. Pepper this album initially was thought of as a disappointment.  Although it doesn't have the cultural impact of Pepper, the album is a more  honest representation of the band's emotional and creative state. This was  clearly a time of flux for Lennon &amp; McCartney. Lennon stated in LENNON  REMEMBERS that &quot;it was me and a backing band, Paul and a backing  band,.&quot;etc. It might have felt that way at the time, but listening to  the demos from the Anthology series and the outtakes(as well as referring  to THE BEATLES RECORDING SESSIONS), it is clear that this was far from the  case.The Beatles were growing up and apart with their own interests.  That's what was reflected in this album. While the songwriting was less  collaborative, the band still contributed to each other's songs in the form  of suggestions for arrangements, ideas, etc. THE BEATLES may be a less  unified album and the quality of the contributions may vary(McCartney  contributes a handful of classics, while Lennon returns to a creative peak  and George produces two of his most mature songs to date).Yes, it would  have been a stronger single album, but that also would have undermined the  honesty of the record and the group dynamic apparent under the veneer of  professionalism. Things weren't exactly falling apart, but tensions were  increasing because they were growing apart. This is still a classic album  and, for me, a more interesting album than the professionalism and  production sheen of Pepper. While it has its weak moments, the sum is  greater than its parts--just like the members of the Beatles.At the time  for the Beatles it was just another album attempting to push the barriers  of music. This they most certainly did."))
(4.0, (u'B000004889', u"While Weslia Whitfield has won many fans (including me) for her ability to  get inside a song you've heard a hundred times before and make you see it  in a new light, with this album she really matures as a jazz vocalist. Her  phrasing has become more unpredictable and interesting, and she has learned  to sing around the music instead of just with it. I especially recommend  her version of &quot;I've Heard That Song Before&quot;, as well as her  covers of two Sinatra ballads, &quot;I Should Care&quot; and &quot;I Fall  In Love Too Easily&quot;. This album reprises two songs from previous  albums, and her new rendition of &quot;Until The Real Thing Comes  Along&quot; showcases this musical growth when compared with the earlier  version. If you have not heard Weslia Whitfield before, this is a great  place to start."))
(4.0, (u'B000002MN2', u"I am baffled by the less than enthusiastic reviews of this CD I've seen  online and elsewhere.  Complaints that Parks' lyrics are too dense and pun  laden, and that the music is too intellectual and complex, seem to come  from Beach Boys fans who long for the simpler, more direct aspects of Brian  Wilson's songwriting style.  Orange Crate Art strikes me as a wonderful  combination of Parks' adventurous songwriting and Wilson's gift for singing  and harmonizing. I find the songs quite catchy and the lyrics full of humor  and melancholy.  The production is 90's clean and the arrangements  inventive and lush.  Wilson creates a true &quot;wall of sound&quot; with  his wonderful vocal harmony overdubs.Stop wishing for &quot;Pet Sounds  II&quot; already!  Brian Wilson still has a lot to say musically, and on  this CD Van Dyke Parks gives him forum in which to say it."))
(4.0, (u'B0000038YJ', u"Before the &quot;Christianity Is Stupid&quot; scandal, the &quot;U2&quot;  lawsuit, and now the RIAA mess, Negativland was inflicting their brand of  surrealist channel-surfing on a priviledged few. POINTS was recorded before  tape-master Don Joyce was a credited member of the group, so the textures  are decidedly more brittle and spacious than what was to come. This makes  POINTS even more spooky and disorienting than their later, more  three-dimensional masterpieces like A BIG 10-8 PLACE and ESCAPE FROM NOISE.  The topicality factor is nil, save for the ear-catching free-verse  recitation &quot;Dear Mary&quot; and a nod to their native Contra Costa  County in &quot;A Nice Place to Live&quot;. (This subject would be  exhaustively explored on the composition &quot;180-G&quot;, from A BIG 10-8  PLACE.) There's very little here that's traditionally &quot;musical&quot;,  but pushing artistic boundries and making us giggle is what Negativland is  all about. Like Guinness and William S. Burroughs, Negativland is most  definitely an acquired taste. Those who have already been converted are  unconditionally encouraged to check out this haunting early chapter of the  band's saga."))
(4.0, (u'B000001FQI', u"If you believe that decades delineate musical styles, this is a perfect  80's-closer.  Right here you have sunny pop (&quot;Seeds of Love&quot;),  faux-Soul (&quot;Bad Man's Song&quot;), conscience (&quot;Woman in  Chains&quot;) and the required angst-ridden tune about getting vaporized by  The Bomb.  This album is TFF's best, and some cool touches like the Dave  Brubeck-style piano solo in Badman's Song freshen it.  Orzibal is not the  best lyricst (&quot;Mind over matter won't stop all your chatter&quot;  -  e-yewww!) but his mistakes are few and forgivable.  The star of the show  here is Dave Bascombe, who produces the whole album to excess ... how 80's  can you get?"))
(4.0, (u'B000003B6X', u"I recently went out and bought this CD. If you listen to west coast rap.  You must order this CD. This CD represents Ice Cube at the prime of his  career. Ex-member of N.W.A,stereo-type gangsta, jherri curl, khaki wearing  every other word is a four letter word and pursueing an acting career. I  mean this guy was doing it all. And he still made it. I truely believe this  is some of his best work. It was orignal and real. He wasn't just rapping,  he was telling a story. If you lived in the 'hood you would understand what  I mean. Track's like &quot;Who's the Macc,&quot; &quot;A Gangsta's  Fairytale,&quot; &quot;Once upon a time in The Projects&quot; and  &quot;It's a Man's World&quot;. Classic, nothing but the best. If you are a  rap fan this is one Cd that needs to be in your collection."))
(4.0, (u'B0000004EK', u"First off I've looked for this cd for quite a while at my local record  stores with no-luck so, thank you Amazon.com.  Congrats Mr. Vanian.This  sounds like you finally have recorded material that you have always wanted  too but could'nt with in the confines of the Damned.As,I write this I've  had the CD for 1 day and have listened to it about 8 times.Its very  refreshing and smooth like a Vodka and cranberry on the beach.  Many Damned  fans may not like this cd,it's definatlt not New Rose.But you know my dad  would like this ,and he's got great taste in music.He introduced me to Dick  Dale's material.I think I'll be ordering a copy of The phantom Chords for  him. One last note: Polydor records needs to release the Phantom Chords  record they are sitting on and doing nothing with.  Sensible's a Wanker  Mike"))
(4.0, (u'B000002HR8', u"A collection of originals and covers from Hamburg. Hear the audience react  to Trey's guitar licks on &quot;Jesus Just Left Chicago&quot; and you know  that Phish can also play the blues as good as any topline blues artist.  &quot;Weekapaug Groove&quot; is my best, though! I can almost imagine Mike  smiling to himself with enjoyment as he takes off with John, and once Trey  and Page lock in, its sheer magic (but the ending sounds exactly like the  ending of &quot;Cant you hear me knocking&quot; on the Stones' Sticky  Fingers album, doesnt it?). While comparisons with A LIve One are  inevitable, I would only say that SS&amp;P is less adventurous than A LIve  One but I definitely wouldnt use the word &quot;inferior&quot;. THis album  is as good as it gets. Just buy it and ENjoy!"))
(4.0, (u'B000007Q8J', u"I was a little underwhelemed upon first listening to the CD, but it's  grown on me.  (I think this has been true of every one of Lucinda's  albums.)  People who already love Lucinda Williams will love this album;  people who haven't heard her before should listen to the samples on-line or  borrow a friend's copy first, because lord knows she isn't for everyone.  She certainly won't appeal to those who expect their &quot;country&quot;  music in a bright, shiny, Top 40 package.  Nor to &quot;alternative&quot;  fans with a narrow-minded distaste for anything which MIGHT be considered  country.  But if you're someone who enjoys country, folk, and rock music  and thinks they don't play anything good on the radio these days, check it  out."))
(4.0, (u'B000001Y51', u"Bush is one of today's most popular post-Nirvana grunge bands, and as such  their originality in musical ability is panned (even Trent Reznor hates  them). While I like their songs, I am confused with this album...which is a  good thing for me. I like some of the remixes, and some I don't like. On  the whole it would seem like one of two things Bush is trying to do: be  more up to today's electronica craze, or satisfy those people who say they  have nothing to contribute. Both may be true, but what the hell, this album  is not all that bad. The &quot;Mouth&quot; remix kicks ass!!! Comedown is a  good song in any form, and the other remixes have their moments too.  Confusion is a motif Bush should continue to cultivate."))
(4.0, (u'B000009OGW', u"I recently listened to this CD the third time through.  While I rushed out  and bought it the day it was released, listening to it twice, I was  disappointed by the overproduced quality of it (what the heck are you doing  on a Liz CD anyway, REM?  Scott Litt?  Oberlin's a long way from Athens,  guys.) Then let it sit for awhile.  Went back to it tonight.  These songs  actually do rock and Liz did make a few steps forward -- this one's up  there with the best albums of the last 3 years.  &quot;Headache&quot; is  alone worth the price.  Hey mister...I will never be your girl...This  one grows on you and, after all, that's the true measure of an artist's  work.  Enjoy."))
(4.0, (u'B000003GXZ', u"The 60's was a time of garage bands and of a poplular local event called  the Battle of the Bands. Local bars and county fairs staged competitions to  bring out the &quot;Best of the Best&quot; Prizes varried from recording  contracts to cash and this was the Turtles tribute to that phenomona. The  Turtles played a variety of music as only they can. The album produced 2  hit singles...Elenore and You Showed Me. The two bonus tracks rounding out  this album are nice additions. Sound Asleep was a hit which charted, and  The Story of Rock and Roll is an underated tune which should have done  better on the charts. The Turtles best album ! ! ! ! !"))
(4.0, (u'B000001L26', u"&quot;Smoking in Bed&quot; is the latest and one of the best from one of  the most underrated, yet hardest working &quot;blues mamas&quot; in the  business. Since switching exclusively to the blues when she joined Malaco  in 1983, LaSalle has faithfully cranked out ten exceptional albums, each  one designed to convey two precise messages. 1) Denise likes her lovin' any  way she can get it. and  2) Her man is no good and she wants you to know  it. And she is at her best when she manages to drive home both themes in  the same song. The title cut of her current CD starts out predictably with  a fire engine siren, but you soon realize that the song has nothing to do  with fire safety, as Denise growls along saluting her man on his  mattress-burning abilities. As the CD continues, she emphasizes her love  for the blues with fun-loving songs such as &quot;Juke Joint Woman&quot;  and &quot;Blues Party Tonight&quot;, before her mood changes again as she  criticizes her lover, saying &quot;If I Don't Holler (You Ain't Doing it  Right).&quot; Then in typical Denise style, she wraps it up full blast with  a rollicking good time titled &quot;Dirty Old Woman,&quot; which pretty  much summarizes this very entertaining blues stylist. Maybe not her best  Malaco recording , but proof enough that she plans to keep on singing the  blues for a long time to come. Go girl!"))
(4.0, (u'B000007O7F', u"I've been a David Lee Roth fan for more years than I care to admit, so I  was really excited by the news that Dave had started a new band, recorded a  new CD and was making plans to tour. I was elated when word went out among  the fans that &quot;the old Dave is back.&quot; Then I bought the cd. This  is a really good rock and roll cd, but it's not &quot;the old Dave.&quot; I  could write several paragraphs detailing ways I think the new stuff could  be improved, but I won't waste my time or yours, because the biggest  problem isn't the lyrics or the production, it's that &quot;Diamond  Dave&quot; is missing. Maybe you have to be a long time fan to understand  what I'm talking about, but I'll try to explain.First, I miss  Dave's  famous asides. You know, the smart-ass comments sprinkled throughout the  classic Van Halen music. My favorite David Lee Roth moment is the last few  seconds of &quot;Everybody Wants Some.&quot; Dave made being a smart-ass  fashionable.Second, I know doing covers is not considered prestigious  for a rock band, but the &quot;old Dave&quot; was the master of covers. He  has a knack for taking someone else's songs and making them his own. Who  else could have recorded &quot;Happy Trails to You&quot; and made it work?  When is the last time Dave recorded a good cover?Last and  most  important, what's missing is the attitude. I think Dave's trying too hard.  Blacklight, Relentless, and Indeedido seem almost forced. I've always  thought that Dave's style was very autobiographical. Anger, anxiety, etc.  showed in his music at what seemed to be the appropriate times. I think  Dave is just as anxious to get a few hits and get out on the road as the  fans are, but the anxiety has overtaken the fun . Maybe I was expecting a  more celebratory feel to the album. Dave is the one that taught us that  rock and roll is supposed to be fun. &quot;Where Have All the Good Times  Gone?&quot;, indeed."))
(4.0, (u'B000005RW5', u"This European release of Chers' Greatest Hits is fairly good, but the  range is so diverse that it seems that 2 discs were in order. The singing  is good and the productions varied. Two unreleased songs from the studio  and an additional concert piece, &quot;Many Rivers to Cross&quot;,try to  bring things up to date. The best tracks are hard to pinpoint as they are  all generally good. My fave is &quot;Save Up All Your Tears&quot;. Too bad  the origional Sonny Bono &quot;Bang Bang&quot;, and her 1st Imperial hit  &quot;All I Really Want to Do&quot;, have been ignored. Not to mention her  &quot;Take Me Home&quot; number from 79'. It's a good compilation, but too  abbreviated for an artist who has been with us for so long.America, where  is your release on this? I hear its' due in Oct. 98...Her last cd had a  number of tracks superior to these new ones here, including&quot;It's A  Mans' World&quot;."))
(4.0, (u'B000009NSC', u"Like several other reviewers, I was at first a bit  disappointed with  &quot;Hell among the Yearlings.&quot;  After all, &quot;Revival&quot; was a  knockout -- a 5-star effort if there ever was one.  Any follow-up would  have been difficult to match the impact of the first.The good news is  that &quot;Yearlings&quot; ages well.  After a few listens, I like the CD  more and more. If a 4 and 1/2 star rating were possible, I would have given  that.  But clearly &quot;Revival&quot; sets the standard.As others have  noted, the songs have an Appalachain, mournful tone.  But they all possess  soul, spirit, energy.  Somber but compelling.If you were lukewarm on the  first, I'd say don't bother.  But if you were moved by the first, you'll no  doubt find enjoyment here."))
(4.0, (u'B000009OGP', u"I am one of the late bloomers to adore Culture Club and their music. Their  songs incorporate so many different genres of music that their songs become  a melody and great for the ear. When aired on VH1, I did watch the special  (of course) and enjoyed the live performances of &quot;Church of the Poison  Mind&quot; and &quot;Karma Chameleon&quot;.Once I heard about the CD, I  rushed out to get it, and I was not disappointed, except for two things.  First, where was &quot;The War Song&quot; on the CD's? Second, too bad they  did not record the nice calamity of &quot;Do You Really Want To Hurt  Me&quot; as on TV. Oh well, the new songs and great performance made up for  the mistakes, almost.Great record!"))
(4.0, (u'B000009PZP', u"At the time of Miles' 70s albums like Big Fun, Get Up With It, Live Evil,  etc., while still pretty young (and therefore not tied into tradition), I  found the music too chaotic (I was more into the ECM style, and 60s Miles).Having recently bought all the 70s reissues from CBS/Legacy, I found  myself discovering things I would never have imagined there in the first  place, it was with great interest that I saw an ad for Yo Miles!.  I have  always been a fan of Henry Kaiser (especially hist work with Richard  Thompson), and thought that if anyone could do justice to this material, he  could.  I have not been disappointed.Yo Miles! is certainly a cleaner  recording than the true 70s Miles material, partially because recording  techniques are better, and partially because, while they are trying to  reinterpret the material, they add a 90s sensibility, which I am sure Miles  would have loved.The huge cast of players are excellent, and some of  the medleys (especially Themes from Jack Johnson) are exceptionally well  put together.  Much like Miles, the grooves change, the tempos shift, and  you can almost see Miles looking down giving his directions to the  band.As another reviewer said, a great introduction to the period where  everyone thought Miles had lost it.  The reality is he hadn't lost  it.....we had."))
(4.0, (u'B000009S40', u"It's about time they started releasing the balance of John's albums on CD.  This has always been one of my favorites. The band John assembled for this  album and others later is incredible. The audio mix, the use of percussion,  the wind instruments and all other aspects make this one of John's best  releases. Unfortunately there are not major air play hits from the release  but musically it is top notch. &quot;Songs of&quot; is a beatuiful  instrumantal with a simple lyric plaped in the middle. Johnnie B Goode was  done on one of John's TV specials during a Jukebox Saturday Night section.  The album version is very polished and fun. Speaking of fun, &quot;Downhill  Stuff&quot; needs to be the background music for all ski videos. There is  one treasure after another.Also included in this release are 5 songs  from the album &quot;Who's Garden Was This&quot;. It is nice to see some of  the older albums being added to other releases. I would not purchase a CD  of WGWT but it is great to have the music. The recordings are old but  relatively clean and transferred nicely.Again, if you are a fan when it  comes to JD (the original album name) it is &quot;Far Out&quot;."))
(4.0, (u'B0000014RJ', u"As soon as you listen to the main theme, performed by Herp Alpert and the  Tijuana Brass, you know straight away this music is anything but serious.  Burt Bacharach's zany score is the perfect addition for Charles K.  Feldman's 1967 James Bond spoof &quot;Casino Royale&quot;. This soundtrack,  released in 1990 by Var&eacute;se Sarabande, contains most of all the original  score used. The main thing that makes this music successful is that is it  the exact opposite of what you would expect in a real Bond film. If a real  &quot;Casino Royale&quot; film were made, you would expect the smart,  stylish, serious and suspensful music by John Barry as in all the other  &quot;serious&quot; Bond films. Here, Bacharach goes the exact opposite way  by composing the music as silly as possible. This is best demonstrated at  the end of the film were all the patrons at the Casino Royale have a  massive fight along with Indians, Cowboys and a flying roulette wheel that  sprays laughing gas everywhere before exploding. Also, the music takes a  rather sleazy tone when 007 (one of them, anyway) is brought into a  gymnasium full of gorgeous women and he is supposed to resist them. The  music also has a tacky 1960s feel to it which adds to the spoof (the film  makes fun of the horrible 60s fashions).Also, the hit song &quot;The  Look Of Love&quot; by Dusty Springfield fits in well amongst everthing  else.The booklet, which has 4 pages to it, features the famous 007 girl  on the front which was used in most of the movie posters. Inside, there is  a page of very odd commentary by Mort Goode (I have no idea who this is)  and 4 monochrome photos - David Niven (Sir James Bond) and Terence Cooper  (another James Bond), Peter Sellers (Evelyn Tremble), Woody Allen (Dr.  Noah/Jimmy Bond) and the guests at the Casino Royale during the end fight  scene, Peter Sellers and Ursula Andress (Vesper Lynd). The back contains  the credits for the film.My only disappointment with this CD is that not  all songs are present. This really annoys me and whats worse is that I  never know why they do this! The song at the end where someone sings  &quot;Seven James Bonds at Casino Royale...&quot; and then a vocal version  of the main theme isn't present which is a shame because I think this was  just a memorable as the main theme itself. This and a few other songs are  missing.This CD, however, is a MUST for any fan of the film and the  music. But beware to the people who saw Casino Royale and hated it...  you'll probably hate the music even more."))
(4.0, (u'B000003G1G', u"A very balanced recording, with a superb Swenson performance. Domingo's  voice , though understandably more compelling in the past,, provides  estimable support with only a few minor breaks. There is little to quibble  about regarding the orchestra and conductor - the tone and pace are  entireably agreeable . The most recent Plasson recording benefits from of a  cleaner, French speaking chorus, and Alagna's youthful lyricism may appeal  to those not inclined to the mature drama of Domingo's rendition. On  blance, though, the RCA recording has a stellar soprano in fine form,  balance, and represents a bargain (condensing the opera onto two disks)."))
(4.0, (u'B000002J5C', u"I have listened to this record hundreds of times over the years and I  never seem to grow tired of it. It was first released in 1973, produced by  Barry Manilow and Arif Mardin. Her voice on this record is unencumbered by  melodramatic echo effects or cheezy synthesized keyboards as in later  albums. Her versions of &quot;Skylark&quot; and &quot;Drinking Again&quot;  do justice to Johnny Mercer's genius. She treats Skylark like it is a  message of longing, with a hope that is just on the verge of desperation  and sadness. &quot;Drinking Again&quot; is a portrait of woman who has lost  her self respect to a beer bottle because she has lost the love of her  life. Bette is able to convey mixed and complicated feelings with her voice  so she can wring every drop of emotion out of a song. I have heard other  versions and the singers miss so much that is there in the poetry of  Johnny's songs. Her voice has that scratchy, emotional edge that overwhelms  you with its force when she belts it out in &quot;Higher and Higher&quot;  and &quot;I shall be Released&quot;.  This record also has plenty of fun  songs like &quot;Optimistic Voices/Lullaby Of Broadway&quot;, &quot;Da Doo  Run Run&quot; and &quot;Twisted&quot;. Along with the fine musicianship of  these songs, she adds her original, brassy sense of humor to make them  sound fresh, not cutesy. You will sing along as you do the dishes and wish  to God that you had such a voice when you can't keep up with her! Once you  hear her interpretations of these songs, you only get irritated when you  hear them sung by someone else. You wish they had just played her version  instead, because nothing compares to the Divine Miss M when she sings the  classics."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AEBA', u"I've been to Shampoo, Skyline and many other clubs as well as 611 in  Philly. As far as club events go, Nigel puts on a slamming show, usually  pumping the crowd up to high levels of energy. Some of that feel is not  lost here, however, some of it is. The disc starts out as funky-styled  house and gradually progresses to acid house with tons of tweaks. Lots of  short stops and fade outs and ins are also characteristic of the mix - you  can almost feel Nigel smiling at the crowd's awkwardness during these  moments (and the crowd loving it). Good mix, not superior, but still worth  checking out. due props to Nigel. (hey mouse - member me? think april foolz  2)"))
(4.0, (u'B00000AFWW', u"&quot;This is not your typical hole release...&quot; that much is true.  But to dismiss it simply because it isn't as raw as &quot;LTT&quot; or  earlier tracks... doesn't mean that it is &quot;a dissappointment!&quot;  I  think  the level of maturity that has been reached with this CD is  remarkable.  Each song has it's own unique sound; all creative, all fairly  catchy.  SO... Before you DON'T BUY this, 'cause Spin and R.Stone, and  Ent.Wkly. hate it, remember that music is communication,  and that they do.  This is what they are now, how they feel, and I fully respect them for  that, as anyone would hope to be if they put out a CD.  I highly recommend  it for the sheer brilliance it is... IT IS ORIGINAL!"))
(4.0, (u'B000000WE5', u'The soundtrack captures the style of The 5th Element incredibly well.  Tracks like &quot;Leelu&quot; caputre the alien-like mystery behind the  charactor, Leelu, but also the beautifulness of the charactor too.  Also,  what I think is the best track in the soundtrack (&quot;5 Millenia  Later&quot;) caputres how amazing the future city must seem to the  charactor, Leelu.  Other Tracks like &quot;Mangalores&quot;, and especially  &quot;Time Crash&quot; really capture the feeling of intense, raw power.  Even throughout the creative and exotic music styles of this CD, some  tracks just seem to be there as a &quot;filler&quot;, like the track  &quot;Plavalaguna&quot;.  Overall, this CD contains some unmemorable songs,  but mixed in with the CD are some unforgettable, and incredibly creative  tracks.  If your searching for strange, new, and highly imaginative movie  soundtracks, pick this one up.'))
(4.0, (u'B00000189O', u"Contrary to its detractors, Elyzium by Fields of the Nephilim is an  excellent recording, one that is consistent and powerful across each of the  tracks.  Unlike the Mission UK, which was always as much about rock as it  was about goth, and unlike Sisters of Mercy, which focused as much on  somber lyrics as up-tempo club beats, Fields of the Nephilim is clearly  designed to be dark, brooding music.  Elyzium creates and sustains a heavy,  sureal (almost serene) mood much in the way that the Cocteau Twins and  other 4AD bands often do. Though Fields of the Nephilim focus on  traditional instruments of choice. On Elyzium, listeners travel across time  and space through echoing electric guitars, precise and crisp drumming, and  a bass guitar that more often than not provides the lead and rythym of each  song (think of the song Three Days by Jane's Addiction).  The vocals,  unlike myriad former and current goth bands, are genuine in their search  for eternal grace, and they intrigue with tales and metaphors from ancient  mesopotamia. While it is likely that powerfully existential music of this  kind will never reach the masses, just as much of the work of Dead Can  Dance will not, Elyzium is the perfect record for listeners that demand a  certain degree of sincerity and purpose in their goth music. For listeners  that seek an atmospheric goth journey into the past, guided by passionate  singing and image laden lyrics, Elyzium (indeed most Fields of the Nephilim  records) is the perfect recording."))
(4.0, (u'B000003HKB', u"California composer Sasha Matson is a modernist with a sweet spot for  harmonious timbres.  As a steel guitarist, I was most interested in  &quot;Steel Chords&quot;.  Incorporating a pedal steel into a small chamber  orchestra playing modern music is an interesting premise, and Matson  proceeds cautiously.  The pedal steel part is rather tame, suggesting that  Matson doesn't fully understand the potential of the instrument.Steel  guitarist Doug Livingston performs the part flawlessly, and the entire  ensemble embraces Matson's score lovingly, though.  This is fine listening  for a late afternoon, and it relaxes the senses in spite of the dissonance  we have come to expect from modern music.My only complaint is that the  steel guitar could have been louder in the mix.  &quot;Steel Chords&quot;  is the only modern classical piece I know of that features the pedal steel.  It's a pity that we can't always tell what the instrument is doing.-Bob  Lee"))
(4.0, (u'B0000061L5', u"Roots reggae lovers will not be disappointed with this Fattis  Burrell-produced set of spiritually charged songs. A reworking of Locks'  classic from the mid 70's, &quot;Black Star Liners&quot; shines with his  voice in peak form and the music heavy yet sparse. The Riddim Twins- Sly  &amp; Robbie, provide solid backing along with saxophonist extraordinaire  Dean Fraser and some fine female backing vocals. Fred hits hard with the  opening track &quot;Come Now&quot; which sounds somewhat reminiscent of  Yabby You's &quot;Run Come Rally&quot;. The song is a strong rallying cry  for Jah children to unite and prepare to move on to the promised land.  &quot;Throw Down Your Arms&quot; rings out an appropriate warning to  purveyors of violence who as Fred firmly states will feel the wrath of God.  Locks' voice, somewhere between Luciano and Dennis Brown, is in excellent  form with Burrell and the Xterminator crew providing solid framework.  &quot;Don't Wait For Me&quot; finds Locks righteously chastising his lady  for &quot;waiting around for him&quot; because she is suspicious of his  whereabouts. He sets her straight with pure truth, adding that there must  be trust. A terrfic album with every song co-written by Locks. &quot;Never  Give Up&quot; should find strong support as a collection that affirms faith  and provides wise counsel. This reviewer (who is also a reggae radio DJ)  gives a seal of approval on this album...radio and car stereo ready: turn  it up!"))
(4.0, (u'B0000072TA', u"Never the most consistent of bands, Klaus Doldinger's Passport continues  to frustrate on this late-70's release.  Fortunately, the worst track is  saved for last:  the glaring, honking, squonk-fiesta that is  &quot;Alegria.&quot;  Apart from this ill-advised leftover from the  previous year's &quot;Iguacu,&quot; this is a rather fine Doldinger effort.  &quot;Sky Blue&quot; (for which the original American LP was justifiably  named), &quot;Loco-Motive&quot; and the stately &quot;Louisiana&quot; are  outstanding examples of how excellent this band can be; the rest of the  album, if treading familiar ground (the loping &quot;Mandrake,&quot;  &quot;The Secret&quot;), nevertheless also fares well.  Much more  interesting than subsequent releases which began incorporating wretched and  unnecessary vocals (a bid for jazz-lite radio airplay), it is arguably the  last of Doldinger's more creative work of the 70's and 80's."))
(4.0, (u'B000005XH7', u"When this album was originally released in 1989, it was to very little  recognition: the single &quot;Don't Cry Ilene&quot; fared well on Adult  Contemporary radio, but otherwise Vonda Shepard didn't make much of a dent  on the music industry.  This wasn't, of course, due to any lacking in her  talent, and now that this album is re-released by her current label and  selling well, I think it's proof that labels need to pay more attention to  honest songwriting instead of the current trends and gimmicks.  &quot;Baby  Don't You Break My Heart Slow&quot; is a gorgeous ballad that should have  found its way to radio; maybe it will yet, since rumor has it that an  updated version will appear on Vonda's next album, due in '99.  In the  meantime, this album also offers pop gems in the form of &quot;He Ain't  With Me,&quot; &quot;Hold Out,&quot; and the poignant &quot;Looking for  Something.&quot;  And if &quot;I Shy Away&quot; and &quot;I've Been Here  Before&quot; seem a little closer to bubblegum pop than Vonda's later  material, the production and spirit of the recordings still make them  downright irresistible.  This fine album was always destined for  popularity, and even if it took nine years to find it, well...better late  than never."))
(4.0, (u'B000003FON', u'Sergei Rachmaninov was renowned in his time as a conductor as well as  pianist and composer. These recordings are the only documents we have of  him in this role.Composers are not always the best interpreters of  their own compositions (eg, Stravinsky). Rachmaninov is the exception, as  these recordings prove. The performance of the somewhat rambling Third  Sympony is more thoughtful and detailed than most other performances, with  slower tempi and carefully considered climaxes. Perhaps others have  achieved a more viscerally thrilling result, but this performance,  sumptuously played by the Philadelphians, is moving and quite successful,  as are the &quot;fillers&quot;, &quot;Isle of the Dead&quot; and  &quot;Vocalise&quot;.The recordings, quite good for their time, from  1929 and 1940, document a performing style that has gone out of fashion. On  these records the Philadelphia strings use more portamenti (slides) between  the notes than modern players dare to do. Some listeners may find this  disturbing, but playing this music without these expressive  &quot;slides&quot; is like playing Baroque music without  ornamentation,Although these records were made by Victor, and BMG/RCA  must have the original masters, the digital transfers for this RCA Victor  Gold Seal CD are not very successful. The Symphony in particular is very  disappointing, noisy and unsteady in pitch. The Ward Marston transfers on  Pearl are preferable, though they seem to have been made from old shellac  copies.'))
(4.0, (u'B00000018D', u"The Beatles association both helped and hindered Badfinger. Like the son  of a famous actor, or musician, many folks thought they had it easy because  of the Beatles' patronage.NO DICE finds Badfinger defining their musical  persona and developing their distinctive sound--strong melodic hooks and  great block harmonies. &quot;No Matter What&quot; the Pete Ham penned  single from the album was just an indication of the great songwriting found  throughout this album and the later STRAIGHT UP, ASS &amp; WISH YOU WERE  HERE. BADFINGER, although a little weaker than WISH YOU WERE HERE is also a  great place to start listening to this pioneering power pop quartet."))
(4.0, (u'B0000029AY', u"New fans should pick this up, although &quot;Toys in the Attic&quot; is  obligatory.  Bluesy and nasty, the contents of this album are enjoyable all  the way through.  The drugs don't interfere too much.  (Tyler may like  &quot;No Surprise&quot; because it sings the band's history but it is only  a passably good song by their standards.) A bunch of covers are here -- all  good.  The band was outdated to a degreee, people wanted a slicker sound  and it took the band another ten years to pick upon that gravy train and it  worked for them.  This was the last of the old sound and it still shines."))
(4.0, (u'B000007OWQ', u"Shirley HornI Remember Miles Tunes: My funny valentine, I fall in love  too easily. Summertime, Baby, wont you please come home, This Hotel, I got  plenty o' nuttin', Basin street blues, My man's gone now, Blue in  greenPersonnel: Roy Hargrove, tpt; Buck Hill, Tenor, Toots Thielmans,  Harmonica; Al Foster, drums; Steve Williams, drums; Ron Carter, bass;  Charles Ables, bassIt's all been said about the qualities of Shirley  Horn: The critics have showered her with praise. &quot;Shirley Horn is the  best singer in jazz today,&quot; wrote the San Francisco Chronicle.  &quot;Horn conveys more passion in a single sigh than any self-conscious  spectacle of vocal gymnastics,&quot; declared the Boston Phoenix. &quot;Her  singing is very similar to Miles Davis's trumpet playing &lsaquo; cool, dry,  intimate, lined with elegance,&quot; the New York Post announced. I would  have to echo the sentiments of the critics. Her's is a style that grows  with the listener, intimate and reflective. Her jazz is pure, straight and  intoxicating. When she delivers her interpretation of a line it's done in  an incredibly slow tempo that's taken her years to develop and sustain. I  have to sheepishly admit that &quot;I Remember Miles&quot; is my first  Shirley Horn CD. However, it's to be far from my last. The CD opens with an  incredibly slow and astonishing version of &quot;My funny valentine,&quot;  with tasty and effective comping by Ms. Horn. You'll hang on to every  syllable and word she sings while she builds a concerto of notes behind  herself on piano.  I've always been a sucker for the beautiful and poignant  lyrics of &quot;I fall in love too easily.&quot; In the hands of Ms. Horn  this is taken to another level in another atmosphere. The effect is ever so  haunting. Roy Hargrove's solo salutes Miles without imitating him.  &quot;Summertime&quot; has the added bonus of Toots Thielmans on Harmonica.  I've learned that she's done an entire CD with Toots. Yes, it's on my  shopping list. As I continue to listen I cannot say enough about her  ability to play so beautifully to enhance her singing. I doubt if they're  too many players that could complement her the way she does herself.  &quot;Baby, wont you please come home&quot; opens with a nice bass solo by  Ron Carter. Also, Al Foster demonstrates the art of the wire brushes. At  this very slow pace he's able to create whole volumes of light percussive  fill ins for Shirley. Buck Hill comes in and raises the tempo and grooves a  nice tenor solo. Shirley than takes it out and we're back at the original  pace introduced for a perfect ending. If I have to choose a gem for this CD  it would have to be &quot;This Hotel. &quot; What a marvelous rendering of  deep lyrics as only Ms. Horn can interpret. &quot;Blue in green&quot; is so  very poetic, again being sustained by a very slow tempo. This time the  sensitive light touch is supplied by drummer Steve Williams. Even if  Shirley Horn didn't sing she'd contribute much to music with her ability on  piano. There's only one vocal line and its so tenderly dedicated to Miles:  &quot;Honey, from a horn so sweet.&quot; On &quot;My man's gone now&quot;  hang on for this introduction from two basses and two drummers. I wonder if  this is Shirley's arranging? It's first rate and grabbing. Roy Hargrove has  a wonderful solo paying homage to the master, while holding on to his  originality and creativity.  It may be too soon to say, but with Sarah,  Ella and Carmen no longer with us, Shirley Horn may be the greatest jazz  singer around today. There's a good argument made for the originality and  depth of Betty Carter who is so completely different from Ms. Horn. But  that's what makes jazz so great, right?"))
(4.0, (u'B000002KF4', u"Most people know only three cuts from this album: &quot;Black  Water;&quot;&quot;Another Park, Another Sunday;&quot; and &quot;Eyes of  Silver.&quot; Too bad, because there is much more to appreciate on this CD.  This is very classic old Doobies, struttin' their stuff and making the  classic rock world a better place to visit after producing this album.  Check out the philosophical wisdom on &quot;Tell me what you want, (and  I'll give you what you need)&quot; or the progressive rock style of  &quot;Pursuit on 53rd Street;&quot; or the mellow native-sounding tunes of  &quot;Flying Cloud,&quot; or &quot;Daughter's Of The Sea.&quot;  This is  must hear/must have classic rock.  You will not be dissapointed with any  cut on this CD. Four out of five stars, not that bad."))
(4.0, (u'B000002LGI', u"Does this album have quite a variety of music on it or what?  Some songs  almost sound like they've come straight off of a country album and in other  songs I would swear that it was really Elvis singing rather than Chris.  Nevertheless, this CD is excellent, but mainly because of the timeless  classic &quot;Wicked Game.&quot;  If I could only pick one song out of the  whole entire world to be my favorite, &quot;Wicked Game&quot; would win  hands down. The rest of the songs on this album are good, but nothing to  get too excited about.  Over all, I would say that the purchase was  definitely worth my money - but then again, I might be a tad bit biased  because Chris is such a babe!"))
(4.0, (u'B00000AG8R', u"I know I'll regret this but I'll admit it anyway - I love this soundtrack.  It may be completely daggy and uncool, but the songs here swing!  Sure,  the movie was complete and utter crap, but it had some really great music  in it.  Olivia Newton-John has some beautiful pop ballads on the first half  of the album, which also features the guest talents of Gene Kelly and Cliff  Richard, while the second half gives us five great tracks from the Electric  Light Orchestra.  Schmaltz it may be, but it's good schmaltz, and I'm proud  to say that this album has a warm place in my heart.  Discover it for  yourselves, and don't be afraid to admit how good it is."))
(4.0, (u'B000007QF2', u"The long awaited sophmore album has the same dance smash flavor that the  original album had, but we still love the taste.  While the writing may  not be the best, the power of both music and vocals leaves no doubt. This  is a 110% dance album. But if that's your thing, its a must have.  Almost every song has Melanie's awesome voice screaming to a powerful beat,  with the exception of A Moment of Love, the albums only ballad. But even  that rocks. A Moment of Love is a gorgeous song, already being made into a  dance remix for the single release.  Fans of La Bouche will be happy,  and so will anyone who wants to dance to great music and a great voice."))
(4.0, (u'B000003N38', u"Often we forget how great they really were. Bing Crosby performed with the  best of his era.  Here are a few of them.When the recording industry and  that new fangled microphone took hold of the music world in the mid-1920's,  Bing Crosby and Louis Armstrong's  incomparable free-and-easy style was  tailor-made, as is Crosby teaming with saxman, Louis Jordan, shown here  with &quot;Your Socks Don't Match.&quot;Satchmo influenced Crosby in  jazz rhythms, and Bing went on to influence the crooners who came after  him; some took jazz further, others sang so straight there was no sense of  pontaneity. Similarly, other performers on this CD influenced upcoming  singers. Connee Boswell, who has a lively give-and-take here with Crosby  in, &quot;Basin Street Blues,&quot; spiced her songs with strong jazz  flavoring, as did Lee Wiley, here with &quot;I Still Suits Me,&quot; and  she still suits old and new fans long after her death. A fun tune came up  with &quot;The Waiter and the Porter and the Upstairs Maid&quot; by  songwriter/singer, Johnny Mercer, and if you want to know what the good  noise was all about, Lionel Hampton's &quot;Pinetop's Boogie-Woogie&quot;  tells it all, Bing narrating.This CD features the early jazz greats,  smokin' and simmerin', Woody Herman and Bob Crosby, Jack Teagarden and  Eddie Condon. All with  cool Crosby tossing asides and floating over the  energy."))
(4.0, (u'0767802659', u"While not the end-all of science fiction films, this movie is definitely worth watching. If ever there was a 'guy flick' aimed at the 18-to-35 crowd it was this movie. The special effects alone make this a must-see for action devotees, and there's enough of a story to carry more demanding sci-fi buffs.The computer animation is truly incredible, raising the 'rewatchable' factor to 10 (which is the reason we buy movies rather than just rent them). And sometimes it's nice to see a movie with mostly new faces, even if they all look like they belong between the pages of Vogue and GQ. Troopers doesn't take itself quite as seriously as other sci-fi favorites, such as the Alien movies, but its occasional touch of humor adds some comic relief to what would otherwise be a total gore-fest. &quot;Would you like to know more?&quot;Starship Troopers is not without its faults, however. As an earlier reviewer pointed out, the military tactics used are laughable. But if you can suspend the Norman Schwarzkopf in you, your inner action child will be glad our heros elected to go mano a mano with the bugs rather than nuking them from the safety of distant space as any sane military would have. (Hey, where's the fun in that?)Any of the supposed statements the filmmakers intended to make about facism are lost between gory bug battles, silly infomercials and 'skin' scenes (yes, you do see some skin here).When you sit down to watch Starship Troopers, you need to accept it for what it is: a hi-tech action flick that is long on special effects if not so long on plot. If you can do that--and if you're not too squeemish--you're sure to be entertained."))
(4.0, (u'1558908323', u"different... Del Torro's last film, Cronos, was a fresh take on the  vampire mythos - here he tackles an Alienish critter (a whole bunch of  them) that are inhabitating the abandonded tunnels under NYC. Sure, you  could bag on the enormous amounts of goo and grossout effects, but these  are staples in horror cinema today, and he doesn't slam them in your face,  and actually shows some visually exciting terror scenes. The basic plot  (what - you came to a horror film for a deep plot???) is that Sorvino has  entered a hybrid insect into a cockroach population that has been carrying  disease and killing off many children in New York. The insect works, and  the cockroaches die... that's that... so they think... the rest of the film  throws in a lot of hokey sci-fi-ish mumbo jumbo to explain that the insects  have somehow evolved into these huge flying monstrosities that have  developed the ability to vaguely asume the shape of a human... lots of  larva, lots of blood, lots of great effects. Oh, go watch the damn thing.  You will probably be quite surprised by it. And don't miss the great  opening titles!  END"))
(4.0, (u'B0000041YX', u"I first heard the Symphonic Dances performed by the North Carolina  Symphony, backing the North Carolina Ballet. I was in the auditorium  expecting to see only the Rite of Spring. I had not even noticed that the  Symphonic Dances were on the program, because I had never heard them, or  even heard of them before. Nevetheless, I found myself entranced by  Rachmaninoff's supremely virile orchestration, as well his surprising  command of Tchaikovsky's idiom. This very late work of his (his last opus  number, I believe) is also the one where he finally assimilated the  innovations of Stravinsky and perhaps Prokofiev. This is a brash work,  driving work by what one would think would be a youthful composer. The  execution on this record strikes me as competent, although others should  speak to this before I do.The composer also completely transcends his  background as a virtuoso pianist, writing exclusively for orchestra. Let me  be emphatic: this is not a disguised piano concerto, nor is it a symphony  on the cheap.I have been a classical music buff since childhood. My wife  and I belong perform in an oratorio society and a chamber choir. She used  to be a violinist. Yet neither of us had even heard of Rachmaninoff's  Symphonic Dances until we were both about 40 years of age. The themes were  not familiar to us from decades of listening to classical FM stations. I  conclude that this work is seriously undervalued, even in the USA, the land  where it was composed, and where the composer died shortly thereafter."))
(4.0, (u'078061920X', u"This two episode set contains the first episode of Gilligan's Island the  first episode is titled Two on a Raft and involves the castaways trying to  get of the island. The Professor tells the Skipper and Gilligan to watch  out for headhunters on nearby islands. The bumbling crew set out, but a  shark attack and a sudden storm cause them to land on an island(the same  one they left)! remembering what the Professor told them, the Skipper and  Gilligan think the other castaways are headhunters, and vice versa. The  second episode involves the castaways trying to build a hut on the island.  They do, but they all get on each others nerves so they decide to build  individual huts however a set of minor disasters(Gilligan), causes the  destruction of the huts. the castaways all have to try to build one major  hut before a hurricane hits.  END"))
(4.0, (u'6300213056', u'I\'ve bought this video from Amazon, and I can tell you it\'s great! It\'s  the un-aired, pilot episode of "Star Trek: The Original Series",  with an introduction and conclusion by creator Gene Roddemberry. This  episode was the one that was created to show how the product was, but it  seems that the company didn\'t liked it (don\'t be surprised, Superman was  rejected at the beginning too) and the episode was never aired on TV.  During the episode, it switches from Black and White to Color and  vice-versa several times, and so we can contrast how the episode was  originally from Gene Roddemberry and a more appropriate version of the  episode.  The plot: The Enterprise has found some survivors of a  previous crash of another starship, and comes to the rescue. But it was  just an illusion created by some ultra-intelligent aliens who wanted to  make tests on the captain, and some others things I won\'t tell you so I  don\'t spoil the fun...  Just don\'t think that this episode can be dull  just for being old, it\'s a great episode. However, they could have switched  from B&W to Colors less times and make the ending a little better, but  anyway, it\'s a great episode. If you\'re a Star Trek fan, you just can\'t  miss this one...  END'))
(4.0, (u'B000002VP1', u"Deborah Cox proves she has talent in her debut self titled album. She  sings with a voice that reminds us of Whitney Houston and Taylor Dayne,  which is not surprising since they were both Arista acts.  But in all  fairness, despite her wonderful voice, some of the songs could have been  better. After listening to the pure magic she makes on I'm Your Natural  Woman, Never Gonna Break My Heart Again, My First Night With You, and Where  Do We Go From Here, one has to wonder why she would take a step down and  sing funky hip hop on Call Me and My Radio.  But then there is the  dance version of Who Do You Love, which showcases her vocal power and  really makes the toes tap.  All in all, despite a few falters, the  album is well worth buying. She is definately a break through Diva that  deserves time to find her niche, because for sheer power, she is all that."))
(4.0, (u'B000002X39', u"In late 1997, RCA re-released all of Elvis' Gold Record albums, digitally  remastered and, best of all, contained hard-to-find bonus tracks.  ELVIS'  GOLD RECORDS, VOL. 5 annotates the home stretch of Elvis' career,  containing the essential hits from 1967-77.  3 of the bonus tracks,  &quot;Big Boss Man&quot;, &quot;Guitar Man&quot;, and &quot;U.S. Male&quot;  show a picture of a man wanting to break free from the monotony of the  lightweight movie soundtrack fluff that had so dominated him for the  majority of the decade.  Even though the songs were not big hits, they  seemed to indicate a change was in the air, and months after the release of  &quot;U.S. Male&quot;, his comeback special aired to critical raves.  2  songs from that special are spotlighted in this collection, the achingly  beautiful &quot;Memories&quot; and the powerful ballad &quot;If I Can  Dream&quot;.Having been rekindled, the spirit carried over into his  first Memphis recording sessions in 14 years, which yielded the hits  &quot;Kentucky Rain&quot; and &quot;Suspicious Minds&quot;, the latter  becoming Elvis' first #1 hit in 7 years, and the last #1 he would have in  his lifetime. (Inexplicably, &quot;Don't Cry Daddy&quot; was not included  in this set).  The rest of the tracks are the essential 70's hits, the  biggest (and best) one being &quot;Burning Love&quot; (although if I had my  way, I would have included &quot;Promised Land&quot; in with the bunch).  The other hits made bigger impacts on the country charts (even though  Elvis' hits had always been big country hits).This CD is only a piece  of the Elvis puzzle.  It represents the best work he put out during the  last years of his life.  It spotlights his struggle to regain his rock and  roll crown, and succeeding, only to settle down to the ballads that all too  often reflected his diminishing zest for life (&quot;Way Down&quot;,  however, is an exception. It was a good note to finish on, as it become the  last top 40 hit he saw in his lifetime.) All in all, the compilation is  good (I still would have like to have seen the songs I mentioned), and it  is essential.  A must for those who don't already have it (and the same  goes for the first 4 gold record CDs.)"))
(4.0, (u'B000009DEK', u'if you love Dream Theater, then you have to pick up this CD, Age of  Impact. It features 3 of the 5 members of Dream Theater as well as other  famous progressive rock performers. John Petrucci continues to amaze me  with his incredible guitar playing skills. He held back on the new Dream  Theater CD, but on this album he is free to play at will. The other Dream  Theater side project, Liquid Tension Experiment, is also a MUST have, but  that one is all instrumental whereas this one, Age of Impact, includes  vocals. Not all listeners may like the vocals, but the rest of the C is  great. Pick it up if you are a progressive rock fan. You wont be  dissapointed.'))
(4.0, (u'B000009H5C', u"The 3rd and last album from Blue Murder.  Basically, a live greatest hits  package from one of the most underrated rock bands. This album was recorded  in Japan and was a tribute from singer/guitarist John Sykes to his late,  great friend Phil Lynott of Thin Lizzy. Most of the songs are drawn from  the first 2 Blue Murder albums while 3 are from John's Whitesnake and Thin  Lizzy days. Some of the songs such as &quot;Still of the Night&quot; and  &quot;Jelly Roll&quot; have different arrangements giving a unique twist on  the standards. I enjoyed the new arrangements as they were definitely  catered for a warm live feel for the audience.  I have never seen Blue  Murder or John Sykes live(except on videotape) but this is as good as it  gets. Well done!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000009OGW', u"A friend of mine bought a copy of Exile In Guyville in '93, and I borrowed  it, hearing some of the buzz about it. While the frankness did sort of  surprise me, It was the interesting way she made the record which made it  for me. It just sounded....I dont know, fresh? Ethereal? Groundbreaking?  Whip Smart had similar elements but seemed to play up the raunchy-riotgirrl  suburbanite thing. Now, Whitechocolatespaceegg brings her out of the indie  spotlight and to the bigtime and it sounds great. At first listen, It didnt  seem all that strong, but now the catchyness of the songs is really  obvious. I hope she really makes the big time. You go, girl!"))
(4.0, (u'B000004BTI', u"Connemara is an East Coast Celtic Group based out of Maryland and  Washington D.C.'s large Celtic Music scene and consists of the team of  Vocalist/Guitarist Grace Griffith and Fiddler/Arranger Cathy Palmer. On  this (their second recording &amp; first CD release), they are joined by a  number of musicians which includes harpist Tracie Brown and guitarist and  multi-instrumentalist Zan McLeod, who also produced this album. It is a  mystic and evocotive journey into the Celtic Realms, and sure to please  anyone who loves heartfelt music. The album moves from dreamy airs and  laments, to rousing jigs, reels and strathspeys and leaves you wanting  more. The album opens with the beautiful &quot;Gloomy Winter's Now  Away&quot;, by Scottish poet Robert Tannahill, a rarely recorded gem which  in this example leaves you breathless. Other pieces to note which features  Grace's beautifully ethereal and unique voice include the Robert Burns poem  &quot;My Heart's in the Highlands&quot;, which truely makes you want to be  there, the Dougie Maclean song &quot;The Emigrant&quot;, Clannad's  &quot;The Poison Glen&quot;, here featuring only Grace and Zan, and a  rousing version of &quot;Free and Easy&quot;, about the famous female Irish  pirate Grace O'Malley. Harpist Tracie Brown's shining moment comes with the  O'Carolan piece &quot;Separation of the Soul and Body&quot; and from the  Bunting manuscript of the Ancient Music of Ireland-&quot;Get Up  Early.&quot; Cathy Palmer's instumentals include &quot;Dance on Daddy's  Shoes/Christina's Jig/Speed the Plow&quot; and a beautiful version of the  Scottish strathspey &quot;Fiddler, Play the Light&quot; here arranged as a  slow air. All in all this is a beautiful album by one of America's best,  but lesser know Celtic groups, and will please the listeners of Celtic,  World and New Age Music. (Also see review of &quot;Connemara-Siren  Song&quot;)"))
(4.0, (u'B0000025KF', u"If you're reading this, you probably know the well known hits &quot;Keep  On Loving You&quot; and &quot;Take It On The Run&quot;.  And if you've seen  REO in concert, you know their lesser known hit &quot;Don't Let Him  Go&quot;, of which they usually open their show with.  So you probably want  to know about some of the other songs.&quot;Tough Guys&quot; is  &quot;that song that starts with The Little Rascals&quot;.  In case you  never heard it, this song begins with an audio clip from the old TV show.  &quot;Out of Season&quot; is a really good song which is upbeat and has a  catchy melody.  And the best song, in my opinion, is Bruce Hall's  &quot;Someone Tonight&quot;, a danceable tune about the here and now.  This  song gives one the feel good attitude to have fun now...no  commitments.&quot;You want it, I got it&quot; &quot;I'll treat you so  tender, Then leave you, And never write!&quot;Overall, there are enough  hits and other great songs on this CD that it could have been a greatest  songs collection."))
(4.0, (u'B0000027FY', u'This CD is great... plain and simple.  The third major album from Poi, it  provides music that can be catagorized as a transformation from their first  two albums (&quot;PDP&quot; and &quot;Wishing..&quot;) to their most recent  studio effort, Pomagranate.  The songs &quot;Collarbone&quot;,  &quot;Hardest Thing&quot; and &quot;Ive got my Body&quot; are three of the  greatest Poi has ever produced.  This album, I feel, is the first to truly  showcase the vocals of Frank Orrall and the violin stylings of Susan Voelz.  If you go to a Poi show to this day you will still hear many cuts from  this album - a must for all fans-o-Poi.'))
(4.0, (u'B000006EHV', u"Hearing some of the Carpenters earliest recordings from 1969 and 1970  completely remixed and re-edited on CD is revelatory. Beats the heck out of  my Radio Shack turntable and speakers that I used to first play well-worn  and scratched Carpenters LPs in the early seventies.Richard has  electronically re-recorded piano, oboe and other instruments to achieve  sonically superior remixes of album cuts from &quot;Ticket to Ride,&quot;  &quot;Close to You,&quot; &quot;Carpenters,&quot; &quot;A Song for  You,&quot; and &quot;Now and Then.&quot; Songs in this collection taken  from later albums-- 1975's &quot;Horizon&quot; through 1983's &quot;Voice  of the Heart&quot;-- are the same as previously released.&quot;I Can't  Make Music&quot; is the most stunning cut on &quot;Treasures&quot;--  Karen's vocal is fresh, totally undateable, though it was recorded in 1973  for &quot;Now and Then.&quot; The layers of production on the original  version have been stripped away to lay bare Karen's expressive, melancholy  vocal, which generates an ethereally-surreal feeling. Maybe she's still  here, because it sounds like Karen's in the room with you.I got the  shivers when I first heard the remix of &quot;I Can't Make Music,&quot;  making the purchase of this CD certainly well worth it."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AFDV', u"It's been five years since Vesta's last release, &quot;Everything and  More,&quot; and she's apparently put the time to good use.  Not only has  she shed a good 100 pounds at least (the sultry picture inside the booklet  of her lying on a bed in a negligee is quite an eye-opener for those of us  who were fans back when she was the size of Chaka Khan) but she's retooled  her overall sound to a near-perfect adult pop/soul/jazz collage.  And her  fans have every reason to be happy about it.Vesta's albums have always  been enjoyable, but they've also always been a little too in the  moment...her ballads were great but the uptempo numbers followed whatever  trends were dominant in R&amp;B at the time, making the albums a bit dated  down the line.  Thankfully, &quot;Relationships&quot; has no such problem.  The tone here is mature and sophisticated; this album is one for the adult  R&amp;B fans (thank God someone remembered we still  exist!).&quot;Somebody for Me&quot; and &quot;Can You Feel Me&quot; are  smooth, polished numbers waiting for radio, &quot;Like Today&quot; and  &quot;Just Fine&quot; are gorgeous modern jazz/soul pieces, helped by the  production and co-writing of Lee Ritenour.  And &quot;I Have To&quot; is a  slow-swinging, supper-club jazz number, an instant jazz/soul classic along  the lines of Anita Baker's &quot;Been So Long.&quot;  But don't think  she's afraid to get a little funky...&quot;For Old Times Sake&quot; and  &quot;Who&quot; are pulsating midtempo numbers, and the album's closer,  &quot;All Because I'm Free,&quot; is a finger-popping gem that matches a  funky upright bass with a psychedelic, vibrating Rhodes keyboard and a  flawless vocal to create one of the album's very best cuts.After years  of great singles and good albums, it's great to see Vesta evolve into a  mature soul artist not afraid to take her own, jazzy path.  We fans are  richer for having shared the journey."))
(4.0, (u'B00000B2IY', u"The first time I heard this kid was on Much Music(RapCity) and never heard  anything from him again. I found the CD in a second hand music store about  a year ago and won't let go of it. Now u can find anywhere. #2(rise like  the sun) is unreal and can easily keep up with todays hip hop. That's what  hip hops about. Forget all the UHHHHHH! UHHHHH! For those who don't know,  K-OS sounds a lil' like Q-Tip and with the Roots playin' in the back  ground. Then the remix is unbelievable too. The beat alone makes u wanna  keep ridin' in your car. He's got this one cat named Positivity and he  tears it up. Where's that dude now??? What ever u do K-OS.....keep language  clean. Thanks...we need more music like that."))
(4.0, (u'B000005AH9', u"First full-length release by this disbanded Washington, D.C. trio is actualy &quot;Nothing New,&quot; namely, because this CD contains some of the band's earlier recorded work from 1993 and 1994, when they were moving from South Bend, Indiana to Washington.During Chisel's early days in 1991, they followed more of the strict Washington &quot;emo&quot; sound and were also compared to Superchunk for their pop energy. NOTHING NEW shows their transformation from emo-popsters to mod-popsters that marked their second release, 8 A.M. ALL DAY and paved the way for their final record, SET YOU FREE.All in all, &quot;Innocents Abroad&quot; remains one of the band's most catchy songs."))
(4.0, (u'B0000064RN', u"Do you miss the Replacements?  God knows I do.  And for all of its  sentimental charm, Paul Westerberg's solo stuff makes me kind of sleepy.  I  miss the old Replacements, the loud, sloppy, punked-up rock n' roll  Replacements. Via onetime Mats bassist, Tommy Stinson's band, Perfect, you  can get that feeling again.  This EP isn't perfect, hell, on its purely  musical merits it barely deserves three stars.  They have a new record  coming out sooner or later.  Some kind of record company dilemma. I hope  they get it together soon, I saw them preview their new material here in  Memphis last year and it fulfills the promise of this EP.  They give me a  feeling I haven't had in a long time--and that I was happy to have again."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AG6O', u'moe. has done an excellent job on their second major label release, Tin  Cars and Car Tires.  With three vocalists and several styles of music, moe.  still has a unique sound, varying from funky jazz, rock, to twangy,  country-like tunes.  All types could be found in just one song.  Nebraska,  Stranger than Fiction, and Plane Crash are three songs that might be heard  on rock radio stations (hopefully) in the near future. Unfortunately, the  jams that the band is so well known for during their live performances are  missing.  The album is still their best work to date.  Take the time to  check out this band.  You will not be disappointed.'))
(4.0, (u'B000002H57', u"The Housemartins were one of the most brilliant and underrated bands of  the 1980's and this is their masterpiece. From the anthemic title track to  the eerie closer &quot;Build&quot;, the Housemartins show why they were  absolute masters of a sound that was unmistakably British, unabashedly  political, and undeniably pop. In an era of conservatism, the Housemartins  addressed class issues with a double edged sword of soaring harmonies and  biting sarcasm. What really sets this album apart from the band's lesser  work though, is its variety. Slower numbers like &quot;The Light is Always  Green&quot; and the album's gem &quot;Johannesburg&quot; mesh beautifully  with uptempo rockers like &quot;Me And The Farmer&quot; and &quot;I Can't  Put My Finger On It&quot;, which contains one of the most infectious guitar  hooks ever written. A true classic of eighties British pop, &quot;The  People Who Grinned Themselves to Death&quot; is a must-have for anyone who  appreciates English guitar pop, liberal politics, and harmonies that would  make Lennon and McCartney jealous. I'll give it four stars, only because  its sound is unlikely to win over someone who ordinarily does not listen to  this type of music. You'll give it five."))
(4.0, (u'B00000DAGD', u"I was fortunate to see DM perform live in Moscow, Russia, earlier this  month: it was a historical event for everyone who grew up with the images  of Dave and Martin and the dark black metallic music of the band.  That  evening will remain a treasured memory for me and I still turn to  photographs taken at the concert to remind myself - I WAS THERE!Having  said that, I feel that the new CD is nothing more than a compilation of  songs we've heard, great songs though they are.  I rate the CD a 4 because  I dind't like the latest album as much as the earlier ones: a 5 for the  &quot;old stuff&quot; and a 3 for the &quot;new stuff&quot; - a 4 for the  CD."))
(4.0, (u'B0000025P4', u"I know the Clash lost a lot of &quot;street cred&quot; with Combat Rock, but I enjoy it for its diversity and wit. Long gone is the ferocity and desperation of earlier albums; what remains is a more insulated Clash, less concerned with its English heritage than the Amercian movies it emulates. Recorded during some of the band's darkest days--Mick Jones and Paul Simonon not speaking, Topper Headon in the depths of heroin addiction and Joe Strummer trying to keep up appearances to the increasingly critical music press--Combat Rock is equal parts brilliance (&quot;Straight to Hell,&quot; easily one of their greatest songs) and excresence (&quot;Red Angel Dragnet&quot;) and lots in between.As for the popularity of the two singles: &quot;Should I Stay or Should I Go&quot; certainly is not representative of the band's work-- although it has one of the most memorable and instantly identifiable guitar riffs in rock'n'roll. Ironic, for a band originally intent on sweeping away the old-style rock'n'roll; and I bet oneout of fifty people couldn't sing all the words to &quot;Rock the Casbah&quot; which are actually quite hilarious and viciously satirical.That said, on to the more interesting songs. The experimental ones stem from the sprawling Sandinista!--&quot;Sean Flynn&quot; and my fave, &quot;Ghetto Defendant.&quot; Good, spacey jam, with poet extraordinaire Allen Ginsberg invoking 19th century French proto-punk Arthur Rimbaud. (When Ginsberg came backstageat one of their shows, Strummer asked him, &quot;So when you gonna run for President?&quot;) These are moody, almost soundtrack-like songs not at all &quot;rock'n'roll.&quot; &quot;Know Your Rights&quot; gets the album off to a roaring start, but yes, it seems a little too self-conscious and obvious in its stance.I still can't figure out &quot;Overpowered by Funk,&quot; or &quot;Red Angel Dragnet&quot;'s quotes from the film Taxi Driver. Who *is* that singing? Kosmo Vinyl?Of course the masterpiece is &quot;Straight to Hell,&quot; with its harrowing depiction of US interventions in Asia during combat (&quot;Let me tell you bout your blood, bamboo kid/ It ain't Coca-Cola/ It's rice&quot;)--but even this song is edited down from its original 7 minute length (full version on &quot;Clash on Broadway&quot;).Actually, in their attempt to appease the US record company, the band edited down the longer songs (&quot;you got to let that raga drop&quot; indeed) so they could all fit on one LP, instead of two or three like the two previous releases. Sigh... Artistic compromise is never a thing you want to admit to finding in your favorite band! And the Clash certainly succeeded in their efforts to break the American market (the UK had long since given up on them), with both singles going Top 40, the album Top 20, an appearance on &quot;Saturday Night Live&quot; and an arena tour with the Who (what the?!)This is not the first Clash album to buy (although since it was a big US hit, I'm sure it was the only Clash album many bought--the mind shudders!); as a longtime fan, I avoided it for years, but once I got it, I really dug it. Not nearly as bad as its reputation suggests. But then any band that could put out London Calling can hardly be expected to maintain that feverish intensity and brilliance. This is also the last album that contained the classic line-up; Mick Jones and Topper Headon would soon be gone, alas. And we know what happened after that."))
(4.0, (u'B000005NN0', u"Kerry Livgren's departure from Kansas was a disapointment to all die-hard  Kansas fans, however we all saw it coming as he and Steve Walsh drifted  apart both musically and philosophically.  Livgren's Kansas lyrics read  like a road map of his search, literally, for life's meaning. We didn't  have to wait too long, however, to see what this guitar virtuoso would come  up with.  On this, his first solo effort, Livgren has gathered together  some phenomenal musicians(Ronnie James Dio of Black Sabbath, Barrimore  Barlow of Jethro Tull, David Pack of Ambrosia, Paul Goddard of Atlanta  Rhythym Section and many others including Dave Hope of Kansas) and he's  finally done things &quot;his&quot; way.  The result is an inspiring and  musically powerful collection of songs.  It is a departure from the Kansas  sound but his Christian perspective is encouraging and his use of great  back-up musicians and guests produces a very good recording for anyone who  appreciates Kerry Livgren's awesome guitar and keyboard work as well as  some deep and thought-provoking lyrics.  Go get it (if you can find it)."))
(4.0, (u'B000005ONV', u"How to describe Thrang Thrang Gozinbulx?  Jeez, listening to this album  just makes you remember what an interesting time 1980 was musically.  Robert Fripp, best known as the channeler of the Crimson King in his many  incarnations, puts together an absolutely bad-ass TIGHT four piece that can  rock like nobody's business.  If ever there was music for cerebral  slamdancing, this is it.  This is instrumental music, so don't expect your  typical punk lyrics.  It is the attitude, however, of this outfit that  carries the day.  Fripp has truly amazing fingers--how can any one human  being play all those notes, that fast, that disciplined and still just  rock?!  Sara Lee on bass (later in Gang of Four, B-52's), Johnny Toobad on  drums (is that a great name or what?) and Barry Andrews on organ (later of  Shriekback) round out this dance combo.  There is a certain degree of  repetition in the music--but that is as much by design as anything.  This a  live recording--an official bootleg, if you will--compiled from several  different dates at two different venues.  This concert never occurred in  the strict sense of the word, so we get two passes at Inductive Reasoning  (both great) and three Thrang Thrang Gozinbulx (each different, variations  and improvizations--showing off how incredibly talented each player is).  A  most worthwhile listen--not just for King Crimson fans but for people who  like to think along with their rock!"))
(4.0, (u'B000006FBT', u'As a big fan of Robert Fripp and King Crimson, I approached this set with  totally open ears.  I have discovered over the years that I am well-served  by just trusting Fripp, Buford, Belew, Levin and company to do for me (and  to me) what they will.  ProjeKct Two is no different.  A two-disc set (very  pleasingly priced), Space Groove is exactly that--a most Spacey Groove.  But not mindless noodling.  That would never do for Fripp.  With Belew  handling the V Drum chores, Trey Gunn on Warr guitar, and Commander Fripp  at the guitar--they BURN across the sonic landscape.  My son calls it  &quot;trance-techno-jazz-rock&quot; and that is about as good of a  description as I can come up with.  Great stuff--makes me want to see them  in person--just to watch it all unfold.'))
(4.0, (u'B00000C29Z', u"Anonymous 4 presents a reviewer with a conumdrum.  To always refer to an  artist's work with superlatives tends to cheapen the praise, but how does  one treat Anonymous 4 without resorting to superlatives?A Lammas Ladymass marks another exploration of ground covered in their first recording, An English Ladymass, in its survey chant and polyphony of medieval England.  As always, Anonymous 4 illumine the  emotional resonance of the music while bringing astounding technical mastery to the performance.  Four acapella voices, recorded in a large and  pristine soundfield, with no place to hide.Medieval choral music has  enjoyed a resurgence-- one can hardly resist saying a renaissance--over the  past 20 years, and the artistry of Anonymous 4 remains in the vanguard.As a  side note, listeners who consider themselves audiophiles will find A Lammas Ladymass a fine recording for evaluating the quality of their audio  equipment.  Harmonia Mundi's engineers have mastered the delicate art of  capturing the ambient soundfield while Anonymous 4 sings in a large, reverberent space."))
(4.0, (u'B0000014TM', u"If youve ever seen the movie Needful Things, you found yourself wanting  more from certain areas, such as the plot, which was butchered by Castle  Rock Entertainment.  However, the movie still was a devlishly good time,  thanks in large part to the score and themes in the movie.  The opening  credits are sweeping and marvelous, thanks in part to the music.  The theme  to Needful Things is a very enticing piece which holds throughout.  It has  been used in recent trailers, such as Denzel Washingtons  &quot;Fallen&quot;.  In addition, Grieg's &quot;In the Hall of the Mountain  King&quot; and Schubert's &quot;Ave Maria&quot; are always a pleasure to  listen to and bring back images from two memorable scenes from the movie.  Needful Things is a great soundtrack, with haunting melodies and powerful  orchestras, a keeper for the classical music and movie score lover."))
(4.0, (u'B000001IE2', u"Corringham has a deep sexy voice and puts a subtly different slant on  Turkish singing. What bamboozels me is the fact that although her Turkish  accent seems to be perfect, I couldn't quite make out what she was  singing.Also, I guess these songs must be &quot;popular&quot; as it says  on the cover, or they wouldn't have survived to this day, but I must  confess, I couldn't recognise any of them - they are certainly not a  representation of contemporary taste.The sometimes deep but fluid voice  of Corringham gave me the feeling that I was perhaps listening to the voice  of an Eastern European native, rather than that of mainland Turkey or  Cyprus.Very interesting. I'll listen again...  and again... and again..."))
(4.0, (u'B0000027F5', u"I love Celine Dion, she really does have the best female voice on the face  of this earth!!!! I fell in love with her voice when I heard her for the  first time singing &quot;the power of love&quot;. Ever since she has  captivated my heart with her powerful love ballads and her sheer talant in  which she uses to make her music a stand above the rest. This cd is a must  have for all Celine fans out there. Even though it can't hold a candle to  her other cd's such as &quot;the colour of my love&quot; or &quot;falling  into you&quot; this debut by Celine deserves a spot in your personal cd  collection. So go get it!!!!!!!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002ACH', u"If anyone who reads these words has ever known pain and adversity in life,  has ever been down mentally, physically or spiritually and had no idea how  or when the would get back up,- I think this CD is for you.  Because Connie  Francis is a survivor and this album is proof positive of the survival of  the human spirit. As a baby boomer who grew up during the 50's and loved  all those early Francis hits, this album is like a gift from the past.- Of  course, like memory, the voice is distorted a bit-(We do wear out), but it  has an edge of wisdom, of heartbreak and I love it just as it is.  In fact,  with age comes the revelation of truth, and that gift comes only with the  years.  It is here in everyone of these songs.  Connie Francis is a  treasure and this album is a treasure trove for those folks who understand  how the years deal with us both comically and tragically.  Acceptance and  change are the keys to surviving it at all, and we kids of the fifties have  our memories and singers like Connie Francis to help us remember the joy  and heartbreak of a special era."))
(4.0, (u'B000006TNM', u"This is a wonderful solo album from Per Gessle who you may know from  Roxette.  There's a little more raw rock and power pop than we know him for  and this is not to be classed as another Roxette album.  The piano on  Reporter is so good you wanna play it and Saturday stands out for its  summation of that wonderful day.  Track listing is as follows: Stupid, Do  You Wanna Be My Baby, Saturday, Kix, I Want You to Know, Reporter, B any 1  U wanna be, I Wish You the Best, Elvis in Germany(Let's Celebrate!),  T-t-t-take it!, I'll be alright, There is my baby, Lay Down your arms.  The only fault I can find is that the few ballads on the album are a little  weaker than you'd expect from such a qualified balladeer."))
(4.0, (u'B000009NTQ', u"&quot;Roomful is&quot; at it again, finally! Their long time motto is  &quot;Aim the Beat at Their Feet.&quot; This is a band that blends  traditional &quot;Big band jazz&quot; with the Blues. The band has changed  (evolved) direction with this new release featuring the Blues more than the  big band sound. Chris Vachon's smokin' guitar, Mac Odom's soulful voice and  holy moley, a &quot;Horn section to die for.&quot; When do you get to hear  a &quot;trombone or a bari sax&quot; take the lead. Only when Roomful lets  it loose. They are the best kept secret in the business, 28 years in the  business. It is a crime that they aren't on Letterman or Leno to showcase  the Power that a band like this offers. They can come to my  &quot;Neighborhood&quot; any time. Don't plan to sit when this CD starts!  Their earlier albums are superb:  Live at Lupo's will knock you out!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002GGA', u"This album deals with morality to a great extent.  The album's title  track, &quot;Crusader&quot; is by far the best song on the album.  It is  written almost as a ballad telling a simplified version of the Christian  side of the taking of Jerusalem from Saladin by the Crusaders under Richard  &quot;the Lionhearted&quot; Planagenet.  It compares the ideals of the  Crusaders to the ideals of mankind today.  If you are a Muslim, you may  find it insulting to the history of your religion, but it is really a  beautiful song otherwise.The rest of the songs on the album are good,  though only &quot;The Devil's Eye&quot; and &quot;The Girl With April in  Her Eyes&quot; deserve singling out as notably good."))
(4.0, (u'B0000032WT', u'Well The Frist Time I Seen This Cd I Thught To My Self Hmm Would I Listen  To It More Then once And I Had I Have LIstened To My Copy About a hundred  And sevenity five times its the best cd investment i ever made.  The  Drawbacks 1 Track Per Cd means U Listen All the way through or do the so  slow fast forward deal also the call Back Lines to inturupt the sound and i  know thats what the cd is but they do get tiring after a while but fun for  a long drive to work.Adam Forsberg  forsberg@mindless.com'))
(4.0, (u'B0000037P9', u"The Ernies prove with this CD that they are one of the greatest bands that  nobody has ever heard of.  Giving listeners of every sort of music  something to jam to.  The first three songs of the album (Jive!, Put You In  The Back, and Kickin It Live are upbeat, combining elements of rap, ska,  and good old fashion rock and roll.  Lead singer Will Hummel shows an  amazing amount of variety not only in his vocals, but in his sometimes  philosophical lyrics.  There in only two things keeping this cd from  getting a five star rating.  Get it straight though, if there was a 4 and a  half star rating, that's what it would've got!  First, the cd, as great as  it is, is far too short, it's really sad to see it end, some cd's are  better short, but you'll be wishing there was 30 tracks by the end!  Second, the track, &quot;The New One,&quot; seems to be a filler track to  supplement the short album.  Though this track is followed up by the great  &quot;Flesh and Bone.&quot;  They save the best for second to last, as  their hit &quot;Motivate&quot;, as seen in the movie  &quot;BaseketBall,&quot; is worth the price of the CD alone.  If you're in  the mood for an extremely fun album that will make you jump, look no  further.  &quot;Dropping Science is as good as they come!"))
(4.0, (u'6302804752', u'This film offers a mixed bag for sci-fi and old film buffs.  George Pal  created lavish sets and excellent special effects, and added carboard  actors and a script that will make you wince at times.  However, there is  enough spectacle to make up for the bad dialog.  The House of Pain, where  slaves become beasts (long before Michael York found the Island of Dr.  Moreau).  Deadly Crystal Weapons.  And of course, the destruction of  Atlantis.  Movie trivia buffs might recognize the final moments of Atlantis  - they were reused in a later Tony Randall film!  (I am Lo-the to say which  one.)  Great fun, if not a great movie.  END'))
(4.0, (u'B000009PT5', u"Lights in the Dark is not business as usual for Hector Zazou.  For those  familiar with his recent pop-oriented theme/concept albums, this release is  VERY different.  This is a collection of Gaelic Hymns.  While his previous  albums have been almost global in their scope and appeals to pop music,  which were there strong points, this album is almost academic in it's  adherence to the mood of the work.  That having been said, this album is  VERY relaxing and almost etherial.  HZ's got real talent and his artists  here (For when does he EVER work alone) are more than up to the task of  making these songs authentic, accessable and worthwile."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AE8T', u"yes, this album is extremely good.  great hooks, good production (the  vocal distortion and the way they mixed the organ in amongst the thrash  guitar and else), and energy, yeah, they've got energy in grooves.  but  jprock has been around, and the zoobombs are just a new bleed on the same  kickin' licks that've been streaming upon our shores from that jagged  island.  it's weird that there's such a spectrum, but no depth in these  bands; i wonder if it's some weird conspiracy (or timidity) on labels  working to bring the real indie underground out to light.  like buffalo  daughter's got the clinch on a cleaner &quot;new rocK&quot; sound with dr.  moog living up to his name; cibo matto (though now j-american) smooths  hip-hop dub in an ambient broth; butter 08 is the american precedent for  the zoobombs (russell simins (a la jon spencer blues explosion) and cibo  matto, with the usual grand royal influences).  but, back to a point, if  you find the new jpfunk soundz grand, then zoobombs are fresh for you.  word.  yep.  uh-huh.  plat.  doing.  joe?  ka-ching!  uh.  kersh.  blurm."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AG8V', u"Bette Midler's &quot;Bathhouse Betty&quot; is truly divine!  Bette's most  recent cd harkens back to the Bette of old. It features brassy, sassy  material as well as compositions that tug at the ole heart strings,  specifically &quot;Lullabye In Blue&quot;, which is told from the point of  view of a woman addressing the grown child she had given up for adoption.  The upbeat &quot;I'm Beautiful&quot; is wonderful for anyone who has felt  &quot;different&quot; in his or her life (and who hasn't?).  The album ends  with &quot;Laughing Matters&quot;, the wonderful commentary on modern  society from the Off Broadway show, &quot;When Pigs Fly&quot;.  While I  always enjoy Bette, this CD truly reflects her duality: the humor of  &quot;Big Socks&quot; (about the augmentation of a man's physical  attributes), and the pathos of One True Friend.  Now, if Bette would only  release the recording of &quot;Diva Las Vegas&quot; featuring &quot;I Look  Good&quot; I would be a truly happy man!"))
(4.0, (u'B000005Z5S', u"This is a little more 'artsy' than some of the neo-swing that's out there.  The general recording quality reminds me of band recordings we did with a  reel tape deck in our basement in High School, which is somewhat surreal  coming from a CD.  For most of the album this works great and gives it a  'garage band' or live, unrehearsed kind of feel.  However, to me some of  the vocals on track 6 sound clipped and buzzy, which bugs me cuz the song's  got a nice foot tapping beat otherwise.  As far as the music itself -- if  you loved SNZ'z 'Hell' and Cherry Popping's 'Zoot Suit Riot', but don't  like much of SNZ's Kathy Whalen's songs, you might not get into this album  too much.  If you love the complexity of SNZ and the other neo-swing  artists, if you don't dance to it as much as replay tracks to listen to the  artistry and tightness of the arrangements, then I think you'll love Andrew  Bird."))
(4.0, (u'B0000024UM', u"People who say that Bob had no right to veer from his topical, biting,  psychedelic free form Desolation Row type songs and not make a fun country  ablum about being happy are just as narrow-minded as those who booed him  when he &quot;turned his back on folk&quot; by going electric. As a great  artist, this record should be taken as a reflection of where he was at at  the time.  It's not surprising, given his retreat into domestic family  life, that he would make an album like Nashville Skyline, and it's also not  surprising that it's full of great melodies and great muscianship, and even  though it sounds like nothing of his previous records, it's unmistakably  Bob. I think it's quite underrated. It has a duet with Johnny Cash on it,  by gum! My only complaint is that it's quite short."))
(4.0, (u'B000001EM1', u"While not quite as good as their debut, &quot;Dead Language&quot; is still  a solid rocker from LA's Downset. This album is not quite as  &quot;rappy&quot; as their debut, but the lyrics are still just as intense,  no holds barred and socially concious. They tell of growing up on the  streets of LA and encountering racial hatred and violence and other  atrocities. Some of the best tracks include the intro which is a smaple of  a Martin Luther King speech, &quot;Empower,&quot; &quot;Eyes Shut  Tight,&quot; &quot;Keep On Breathing.&quot; I also like the guitar intro on  &quot;Touch,&quot; which starts out clean and mello and then rips into a  brutal hardcore style. The guitar parts on &quot;hurl a stone&quot; and  &quot;Against the Spirits&quot; are a little too harsh and take away from  the song, however. Other good tracks are &quot;Pocket Full of Fatcaps&quot;  and &quot;Sangre Di Mis Manos,&quot; which is sung in spanish. Overall this  disc is a great one and just as worthy as their debut. I just hjave one  question: WHERE'S THE NEW ALBUM???"))
(4.0, (u'B000002AJG', u"Dylan has been compared by many to Pablo Picasso, for both the visionary  quality of his work and the stunning quantity and scope of it all. This  collection of previously unreleased gems is supposedly a very small  percentage of his total unreleased output. And the quality of the music is  incredible. His rejects are better than the best songs of all but a handful  of artists. Particularly great are Blind Willie McTell, No More Auction  Block, If You Gotta Go, Go Now and Moonshiner, to name a few. As great as  it is, it's not the ideal introduction to Dylan. I'd start with one of his  regular albums before getting this, though. Or with Biograph."))
(4.0, (u'B000002G2E', u"La carrera de The Police podr&iacute;a compararse a una canci&oacute;n punk o new wave:  desafiante, fuerte y r&aacute;pida. Tan r&aacute;pida que no tuvieron tiempo para lanzar  un disco verdaderamente malo, como s&iacute; lo han hecho muchas grandes bandas,  ni un &aacute;lbum en vivo. Extra&ntilde;o, porque pod&iacute;an haber conquistado los puestos  m&aacute;s altos de los rankings con un buen concierto grabado y editado a su  tiempo; digamos en 1981 o 1982. Se tuvo que esperar 13 a&ntilde;os despu&eacute;s del  lanzamiento del &uacute;ltimo disco, Synchronicity (1983) para que su  ex-guitarrista Andy Summers se anime a producir un disco doble en vivo.  Como lo dice el slogan publicitario: &quot;30 canciones. 150 minutos, y  ning&uacute;n idiota que piense que &eacute;l puede cantar Roxanne&quot; (&iquest;una aluci&oacute;n al  decaimiento de la voz de Sting en su carrera solista? uy, Gordon &iquest;Qui&eacute;n es  tu publicista?); se trata de dos conciertos claves en la historia de  Police. El primero, una actuaci&oacute;n que fue difundida por en noviembre de  1979 en Boston. Contiene los deslumbrantes y movidos temas de sus dos  primeros &aacute;lbumes: Outlandos D'Amour y Reggatta De Blanc. Se trataba de la  primera gira de Sting, Andy Summers y Stewart Copeland a los Estados Unidos  y su sonido estaba en el mejor momento. Next To You, So Lonely, The Bed's  Too Big Without You, Bring On The Night, Fall Out y Can't Stand Losing  You-Reggatta De Blanc son las mejores canciones del disco 1. En este disco  tambi&eacute;n hay algo de revancha de Andy Summers puesto que la producci&oacute;n no  edita algunas frases que pudieron ser omitidas: en un momento Andy pide al  ingeniero de sonido arreglar el sonido del bajo de Sting pero &eacute;ste, sin  importar lo que pasaba, daba la orden de arrancar Truth Hits Everybody.  Sting en un momento dice: &quot;esta canci&oacute;n es de mi &uacute;ltima grabaci&oacute;n. Se  llama Walking On The Moon&quot;. Ni hab&iacute;an pasado dos a&ntilde;os de la formaci&oacute;n  de Police y ya Mr. Cool se comportaba como si estuviera en medio de una  gira solista. Me imagino a Andy y a Stewart mirarse las caras y sentir  verg&uuml;enza ajena y algo de celos. El segundo concierto  es el ya famoso  Synchronicity Concert, popular entre los fans de The Police por hallarse  disponible en video. En el Per&uacute;, el extinto canal 27 lo pasaba hasta el  cansancio entre 1987 y 1989. Sting y compa&ntilde;&iacute;a ya eran famosos a nivel  mundial, ganadores del Grammy por Every Breath You Take  y ya se notaba  cierto desgano en sus conciertos; pero esta actuaci&oacute;n en el teatro Omni de  Atlanta en noviembre de 1983 ser&iacute;a su Canto De Cisne. Es un buen show pero  carece de la tenacidad de las primeras actuaciones, tal como se puede  escuchar en el concierto de 1979. Aparecen dos temas que no salieron en el  famoso video, Synchronicity II y Roxanne, ejecutadas con la misma calidad  de siempre pero con la intromisi&oacute;n de ciertos coros fememinos que ser&iacute;an  m&aacute;s &uacute;tiles para los discos solistas de Sting que para The Police. Al final  Sting, en otro acto de arrogancia, se da el lujo de presentar primero a las  coristas antes que a su colega-rival Copeland y se da el lujo mayor de no  presentarse, como si ya todos supieran qui&eacute;n es &eacute;l y qui&eacute;n sobresale en el  trio. Quer&iacute;a urgentemente un disco solista, y vino The Dream Of The Blue  Turtles, tambi&eacute;n conocido como &quot;El Hijo de Synchronicity&quot;. En  pocas palabras, The Police logr&oacute; &quot;vencer&quot;, despu&eacute;s de a&ntilde;os, una  batalla a los piratas a nivel econ&oacute;mico y a la idea de que solamente Sting  era la &uacute;nica estrella del show, lo cual es falso. Ah&iacute; est&aacute;n Andy, Stewart y  Sting  para demostrar, en el disco 1, que bien funciona un trio cuando no  hay intereses personales de por medio."))
(4.0, (u'B00000BIJC', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Throwing Muses were one of the most innovative and  underappreciated independent bands of the mid-80's and early 90's; at the  same time, they were always a bit overrated in critical/college radio  circles, and some of their material confirms that there is a thin line  between &quot;challenging&quot; and &quot;annoying.&quot;  That said, their  1985 self-titled debut was a riveting album; long out of print, it's now  available as part of &quot;In a Doghouse,&quot; alongside an early EP, demo  versions, and newly-recorded versions of previously unrecorded material.  The band is best known for the intense, poetic lyrics and hiccup-vocal  style of Kristin Kirsch (who is now a largely acoustic solo performer), as  well as the chiming guitars of sister-in-law Tonya Donnelly (who left to  form Belly and is also attempting a solo career).  No less powerful,  though, is one of the tightest and most compelling rhythm sections in  post-punk alternative music.  Doghouse does a great job of showing the band  transitioning from an arty party band (a more serious B-52's, perhaps) into  a polished, unique outfit.  While the album lacks some of the pop lustre  that made them briefly into an MTV almost-ran, it has some of their  strongest material (most notably the incredible &quot;Hate My Way,&quot;  one of the most moving pubescent angst songs ever written)."))
(4.0, (u'B000000FU8', u"The Pietasters are awesome! This band from the Maryland/DC area are one of  the premire thrid wave ska bands who continue to have success today. SOme  of the best track on the disc include &quot;Freak Show,&quot; and  &quot;Girl Take it Easy.&quot; Also check out the sing-a-long drinking tune  &quot;Maggie Mae,&quot; and &quot;Biblical Sense.&quot; Some tunes that  don't quite measure up to par are the repetive and kind of slow &quot;Night  Before,&quot; and &quot;Pleasure Bribe.&quot;  However this is definitle a  great disc; an instant ska classic that every rude boy and girl should have  in their collection. Pick this disc up and see this band live; you won't be  dissapointed!"))
(4.0, (u'B000000QFU', u"I purchased this CD on a whim, being a long-time Led Zeppelin fan.  For  the uninitiated, Dread Zeppelin does LED Zeppelin tunes, but with a  spirited reggae beat.  And Robert Plant has been replaced by TortElvis,  former milkman turned Elvis impersonator.  So, you've got Zeppelin tunes,  done reggae-style, sung by Elvis.  Sounds unlikely, but it works! The first  tune on the CD is a medley of Black Dog / Hound Dog; from there we go to  Heartbreaker / Heartbreak Hotel.  The band is talented; they know their  licks; TortElvis is fantastic!  (I would be remiss in not mentioning  Charlie Haj; he's the fellow who hands TortElvis his water and towels  onstage!) If you like Led Zeppelin, and if you have a sense of humor,  you've GOTTA have Un-Led-Ed!  (I have another Dread CD, &quot;Hot And Spicy  Beanburger,&quot; that is also excellent, but the first is still my  favorite.) Finally.. if Dread Zeppelin is ever performing at an Arena near  you (!), don't miss the show!  These boys are enthusiastic!"))
(4.0, (u'B000000QGF', u"This is an interesting collection, as half of the songs have original  vocalist/lyricist Fish and half have &quot;new&quot; vocalist Steve  Hogarth.  Fish split the band in 1988, and the differences in song  structure and lyrical direction are obvious - though neither is superior.  Marillion is an album band, and taking songs out of context with the time  and space of the album isolates them - but they still stand on their own.  US Prog fans will know the song Kayleigh - but little else.  To go from the  prog bombast of Assassing to the pure power pop of Hooks in You provides  the listener with a wild, challenging trip.  If you want to sample this  great band, I recommend this collection.  I think you'll find that you'll  want to get the albums.  I recommend &quot;Clutching at Straws&quot; from  the Fish era and &quot;This Strange Engine&quot; and &quot;Brave&quot; from  the current era."))
(4.0, (u'B000009MGX', u"Salonen here gives us an etherial, tempered, yet majestic Bruckner that is  refreshing and revealing.  He does this magnificent and often misunderstood  and underappreciated composer justice, by offering a reading that has the  mystic vision, blazing revelations, and sinister roarings WITHOUT the often  overdone and self-indulgent excesses that entrap many fine conductors.  Although it may not topple Boehm, Karajan, or Chailly's top-ranking  performances, it certainly can stand beside them as a totally committed and  individual effort.  This Fourth may well appeal to non-Brucknerians in that  the magnificent structure and intricate lines come to the forefront,  amazingly without sacrificing grandeur or power.  Although not in the  league of Berlin, Vienna, or the Concertgebouw, the LA Symphony plays  convincingly and consistently fine to merit a whole-hearted recommendation.  As a devoted Brucknerian with 5 recordings of this work in my library, I  still have no regrets getting this one."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AFDW', u"Was I expecting too much? Very possible. The album is very good and should  get positive feedback from Kiss fans and rock fans in general. I was hoping  to hear a little more of a 70's feel in the music, but it's all 90's rock.  At first I thought the band was trying too hard to let Kiss fans know they  are back, but then after listening to it more I got used to the songs. I am  a huge Ace Frehley fan but I have to say he did a major dissapearing act on  this album. None of his solos or fill-ins got my attention. I wonder if he  played on the whole album, I'm sure someone will answer that for me. Peter  Criss did a great job as did Paul and Gene. This is Kiss' best album since  Creatures, in my opinion. The tour should be incredible."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AFDW', u"The movie, the trading cards, the new comic books, the 3-D video and tour;  all of these are classic KISS but peripheral to what KISS &quot;is&quot;: a  band. That said, it's all for naught if the record doesn't rock, and this  CD freakin' rocks. Sure, it's full of cliches and self-reference to their  own legend; it's also full of killer riffs and memorable choruses. It's  crunchy, it's simple, it's badass. It's big and dumb. It's KISS in true  form, bigger and badder than they've been since 1982 (although I have to  admit loving 1992's &quot;Revenge.&quot;) I love this too. Welcome back  KISS!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B00000131C', u"This is the first place I encountered Mr. Gorka.I was immediately  impressed with his tunefulness and thoughtfulness. &quot;Temporary  Road&quot; is a record that makes me think: transporting me either to the  scenes that he tellingly limns, or to reconsider ones from my own life. His  rich voice proves a wise companion, leading through and around everyday  life, revealling the magic of the mundane: a convict being freed (Vinnie  Charles), a travelling musician pondering love (The Gypsy Life). His upbeat  tunes are also powerful (Gravyland, All That Hammering) as they  intelligently explore a world-weary cynic's greatest trial: daring to hope.  Only one track (13) over-reaches. Otherwise, the album approaches  perfection."))
(4.0, (u'B0000014Q4', u"Melvin Taylor &amp; the Slack Band can really generate some smokin' blues;  however, Melvin Taylor lacks originality.  He has been influenced so much  by Albert King, B.B. King, etc., that he has no apparent style of his own.  This album, however, is not much to judge his personal style on (all but  three songs are covers).Melvin Taylor can play blues, though, and he  plays blues extremely well.  Even though he was influenced by greats,  Melvin Taylor could stand by himself as being one of the only artists who  can mix all of the greats and emulate them well.The album itself is  mostly covers, all of which are artfully done and very true to form.  Every  track is absolutely filled with blues guitar solos and licks that will make  even the well-listened blues fan's head spin.  Some covers like the  &quot;T-Bone Shuffle&quot; and &quot;Don't Throw Your Love On Me So  Strong&quot; have been very well redone.  A good buy."))
(4.0, (u'B000008EXZ', u"My hopes were not too high when, in 1975, a Deep Purple album was released  without guitar hero Ritchie Blackmore's name attached.  Still, as a Purple  fan I dared to purchase it, knowing little of the now revered late  guitarist Tommy Bolin.  I quickly found Come Taste the Band as  heavy-hitting and well written as any of the classic Purple albums.  Bolin's ability to pen a catchy riff equal Blackmore's, and the combined  voices of Coverdale and bassist Glenn Hughes never sounded as clear and  enthusiastic.  Check out &quot;Gettin' Tighter&quot;, a funky, guitar  dominated Bolin tune, or Hughes' &quot;This Time Around&quot; for a  welcomed shift of mood.  I was pleased to see this CD re-released after  several years as an out-of-print memory, and I hope now some interest will  be generated by Purple fans to seek something other than &quot;Machine  Head&quot;"))
(4.0, (u'B000003RHL', u"1. Megalomaniac (Sascha, Abby and En Esch on Vocals)This song works  very well as an opening track (play it as partys) and the lyrics  are you  guessed it...about KMFDM. En Esch goes creepy on the german vocals and  Sascha really kicks ass. The kick-ass techno beat helps the song out  dramatically too and ofcourse my favorite line from the song &quot;Like a  fiendish  tropic virus spitting bile at all you whores!&quot;. Four out of  Five2. Stray Bullet (Sascha, and Abby on Vocals)This track opens with  a fair share of techno and some melodic guitars (ofcourse  played by the  infamous Gunter Schulz) and than bursts in Sascha radiated vocals.  The  chorus can get rather infectious (STRAY BULLET! READY OR NOT, I'm THE  ILLEGITAMITE SON OF GOD!) and considering there is no real end of the  chorus it  can get kind of annoying but an average song nontheless. Three  out of Five3. Leid Und Ellund (En Esch and Sascha on Vocals)The song  starts out good but can get really repetitive. En Esch's vocals are  good  (Three times better than Till Linderman of Rammstein) but their is  something seriousely missing in this one. I know this is a favorite of lots  but  this one I tend to skip by. Two out of Five4. Mercy (Sascha, En  Esch and Abby on Vocals)While not as good as Megalomaniac, Mercy is not  a bad tune, its got a really  good beat and a good performance by Abby  Travis. Three out of Five.5. Torture (Ogre, En Esch and Sascha on  Vocals)Hmmmm. Thats all I can say. This one lacks a real chorus, way too  many words too  remember and its way too long (7:01). But the lyrics are  well thought out and  Ogres vocals are good, but I rank this one under Leid  Und Ellund (and you may be  thinking Mercy and Torture after each other you  almost expect to hear a prisoner  from the holocaust screaming &quot;Mercy,  oh the Torture&quot;. One out of Five.6. Spit Sperm (Raymond, Gunter,  Sascha and En Esch on Vocals)Wow, Gunter is actually singing for once!  (well not lead vocals) but the real  star hear is Raymond Watts (Past  Member and PIG Founder). The title is a little  much but this song is ment  to be heard loud. Its got an angry chorus, some  excellent vocals from  Raymond (My fave member of all) and the most guitars out  of all the  tracks. Four out of Five7. Anarchy (Tim and Abby on Vocals)The real  winner is here. Track 7 on the last two releases have been some of the  best (Dis-O-Bedience and Blame) and this follows that tradition. It starts  with  some crunchy sound and than goes to the NIN-style lyrics sung by Tim  Skold who  is now apparently a core member. The chorus is REALLY GOOD and  it shows this guy  better stay!!! The best track on the album. Five out of  Five8. Down &amp; Out (Sascha, En Esch and Abby on Vocals)Down &amp;  Out is kind of an odd track, its sort of a song about KMFDM's musical  philosophy with Sascha, En Esch and Abby going around in circles singing.  The  idea is good but is pulled off badly. Two out of Five.9. Unfit  (Raymond on Vocals)GET DOWN, SHUT UP, COME ON IN, ITS TIME TO TAKE YOUR  MEDICINE shouts Ray Watts  angrily. If you like the idea of that you'll  like this song. The opening is a  bit lame but once he starts singing its  gets really good. Four out of Five.10. Waste (Abby, Gunter, En Esch and  Sascha on Vocals)After the 30 second fade on Unfit the opening really  gets your heart beating  (don't let your old man listen to this). Waste is  a fast aggresive song in which  is a nice closer for the album and the  ending is a cool surprise too.Overall: KMFDM goes lighter on the  guitars this time and gets more electronic  but its sounds so refreshing  and new. When I first heard this I was not too  impressed but its grown on  me so much I almost like it as much as Nihil.Overall Rating: Four Stars  out of FiveKMFDM on this album are...Sascha Konietsko En Esch Gunter  Schulz Abby Travis Raymond Watts William Rieflin Chris Sheperd Tim Skold  Nivek Ogre Micheal Bassin Amy Denio (does anyone know the real name I cant  make out what it says on the  Down and Out  page)***Nick***Editor of CGN and KMFDM fan."))
(4.0, (u'B0000018A2', u"Dying to hear a great band?  Check out Swell, especially with this album,  and the release prior to this, 41.  While not as consistently great as 41,  Too Many Days Without Thinking does feature a handful of songs which prove  satisfying and at times deeply profound. Swell has an instantly  recognizable sound in much the same way that Sonic Youth does, so that even  when they vary song structures and musical styles, you instantly know you  are listening to a Swell song (a pun laying in ambush, evidently).  This is  evident from the very first second of the propulsive &quot;Throw Back the  Wine&quot; which leads to the achingly beautiful &quot;What I Always  Wanted,&quot; in my mind the first of three truly great songs on this  album.  The album peaks again with &quot;At Lennie's&quot; and finishes off  with the breathtaking coda, &quot;Everyday, Sunshine.&quot; Through a brief  set of lyrics poetically describing the moment of impact in a car crash and  it's immediate aftermath, the song manages to convey the frail grip we have  on our own mortalily before allowing it to drift away.  This is a band that  deserves your attention."))
(4.0, (u'B00000AFDW', u"Having been a Kiss fan for many years i have heard them go from great to  average to downright awful. There last CD &quot;Carnival of Souls&quot; was  just terrible. I had high expectations for Psycho Circus and on first  listen i was unsure. However after living with the disc for a few days now  i'm beginning to be reminded of why they were so popular when they were  originally first around.  The opening title track is killer and i keep  playing it over and over again. Other stand out tracks are &quot;I Pledge  Allegiance to the State of Rock &amp; Roll&quot;, &quot;Into The Void&quot;  &amp; &quot;Raise Your Glasses&quot;. There is unfortunately one flaw in  this great album.......&quot;I Finally Found My Way&quot;......Why did they  let Peter Criss do this? Lets face it...he sounds terrible and the song is  just boring ballad fodder.  All in all its a grower of a cd and i do think  it will be looked upon as a great Kiss album.  The packaging is also great  and the whole concept superbly sets the stage for a stunning theatrical  live show.  We wanted the best...........and we got it!!!!!!!!!"))
(4.0, (u'B00000AG86', u"After waiting over a year for this CD I must say that it is well  &quot;Worth Waiting For&quot;. Jeff Lorber has once again shown another of  his many talents. The greatest of which, is his ability to surround himself  with great players. John Robinson plays the drums on most of the cuts. If  you have never heard him take this piece of advice. &quot;SEEK HIM  OUT&quot;. Secondly Lorber has found another talented singer in Chelsea. I  don't where he found her but she has style that just can't be missed. Check  out the cuts &quot;Never&quot; and &quot;I Aint Thinkin' About You&quot;  these are two Bluesy/Funky tunes that have some interesting changes on  them. Then check out &quot;Midnight&quot; and &quot;Down Low&quot; very  nice. For those of you who are use to the up-tempo rhythms of other Jeff  Lorber CD's you won't find that here. What you will find is great music  with a different perspective and insight. This is exceptional CD, and if  you are Jeff Lorber fan like I am then you &quot;MUST&quot; add this one to  the collection. Groove."))
(4.0, (u'B0000026HJ', u'In the heyday of Quadraphonic recording, E. Power Biggs found the perfect  place to record the four "Great" Toccatas and Fugues by Johann  Sebastian Bach: the Cathedral of Freiburg, with its 4, count \'em, 4  rafter-rattling organs, all of which can be played by one keyboardist at a  central console.The organs have the typical slack-jawed sound of  electric action pipe organs, but Biggs gives it all he\'s got and whips the four  instruments into some truly spectacular sonic fireworks.  Consider this CD  as an addition to a collection that already contains a few typical  performances of these works on a Baroque tracker action organ, a new way to  hear Bach\'s experiments with music that moves (specifically from one pipe  division to another).  Here, Biggs gets to toss the music all over the  Cathedral.  Particularly enjoyable is the "Dorian" Toccata as  each organ emerges from beneath a tangle of notes to be heard over the  other three.While Sony\'s "a little bit of this, a little bit of  that" programming of Biggs\'s Columbia recordings leaves something to  be desired, the sound survives intact.'))
(4.0, (u'B00000292K', u"I don't like Miles Davis as much as a lot of you probably do, but I have  to tell you that this CD has really given me a whole new respect for his  work. Fat (and phat) sweaty, visceral grooves that don't quit are what  &quot;On the Corner&quot; is all about. There's not much of Miles' horn  work on this one and even less jazz as his fans knew it, so a lot of people  really slammed it when it was first released.  Oddly, this reminds me of  the kind of pseudo-African polyrhythms of Brian Eno and middle period  Talking Heads."))
(4.0, (u'B000009QFE', u"I love many things that come out of Hawaii. I &quot;accidently&quot;  discovered this CD while browsing through this wonderful Hawaiian store in  Mill Valley, CA.  They were playing some beautiful music and I asked who  the band was.  They sold me the last CD that they had and I've enjoyed it  ever since.  This is NOT the ethnic hawaiian music you're used to hearing  but more along the lines of early 70's acoustic rock.The band writes  about their love of the Islands and also about the destruction of their  land due to development.It's too bad you can't listen to Sun Lite/Moon  Lite as a section.  It's truly a beautiful piece with wonderful harmonies.Unfortunately, like many bands of the 70s, two of the members died from  drug related problems and the band self destructed.  It's too bad they  didn't lots more music."))
(4.0, (u'B000003RZ5', u"Photek is a drum &amp; bass genious. He is way ahead of all the rest. A  true pioneer. This is a dark, complex cd which is not always fun to listen  to. You have to be in the right mood. It is not the kind of cd to listen  while jogging in the park, unless you want to start zigzagging all over the  place. Photek takes d&amp;b to the jazzy direction. without being too  jazzy. hes d&amp;b is deep, and not very dancable. It's for the mind (much)  more than for the legs. If you are tired of the same old jungle music, this  is one possible 'new generation' stuff."))
(4.0, (u'B000005ALP', u"The actual rank should be 4.5 stars, but 0.5 stars are not supported  here... The missing 1/2 star is for the pessimistic lyrics. I, personally,  am not expecting cds to depress me. You can find plenty of other reasons...  Other than that, this is truly a classic. Great musical ideas (not  necessarily original) and great sound and production. The songs are  pop/rock but loops and other 'electronica tools' are used here and there.  All of the songs can be considered 'quiet'. This could be a really 'fun'  cd, if the lyrics had been a little happier, but if this is what's on the  bands mind, so be it. There is a special edition with a bonus cd. You can  skip this edition without thinking twice and get another cd with the change  (like Laurie Anderson's strange angels, if you don't have it already)."))
(4.0, (u'B000002MHG', u"stephen and gillian morris (gilbert) do have a certain style aside from  neworder. stephen's usual style of wicked beats and deep rhythm is vitually  non-existant due to the fact that he has gone the way of using computer  sequencers instead of analog percusion... this loses something... if he  would go insane like he use to when he was in joydivision or the earlier  years of neworder, i know it would be incredible, but those days are  gone... gillians keyboarding and vocals are fitting for the c.d. but ther  is something still missing... what this project needed was the lyrics of  bernard sumner and the lull-a-byes of peter hook's bass... this would make  the package complete... otherwise, it is still a very good album..."))
(4.0, (u'B000002BWB', u"If you were expecting a blasting array of bi-dextral tapping, pinched  harmonics and wild whammy bar hysteria, this is not the album you want to  get. Satriani unleashes himself from his usual jaw dropping virtuosity and  he lets the feeling of the music take over. The album is dominated by a  bluesy feel, but strays occasionally into beautiful melodic tracks such as  &quot;Home&quot; and the Eastern influenced &quot;Morroccan sunset&quot;.  Satriani's tone is once again top notch, and his inventive use of the wah  wah pedal in his melodies adds flavour to the album. Perhaps this is not a  Satriani album for all fans, but if you love good old blues, go and buy it.  A wonderful recording."))
(4.0, (u'B0000031TT', u'This CD is an unique combination of vocal and instrumental pieces.  Minimalist musical elements as well as a superb performance by the Hilliard  Ensemble, help to focus the listener on the importance of the text.The  music can be difficult to listen to, however, because it requires a lot of  concentration. It is not a CD to play in the background while making  dinner, for example. You have to allow the music to penetrate your soul, or  the CD will sound &quot;boring.&quot;If you are willing to work at  listening to this music, it is well worth buying this CD of music by one of  the great modern composers.'))
(4.0, (u'B000007OJC', u"Four impressive albums into her career, Regina Belle releases her fifth  and finest recording.  &quot;Believe in Me&quot; matches gorgeous  production, slick writing, and peerless vocals to make one of the most  impressive soul records of the year.What's especially impressive is that  Regina has obviously discovered that less is more.  Often soul music can be  overlong and overblown...here only one song clocks in over five minutes,  and several are under four minutes.  The effect is breezy and inspires  multiple listens.  &quot;Don't Let Go&quot; and &quot;Baby Love&quot; are  smooth midtempo numbers, &quot;I Got It&quot; and &quot;Come See About  Me&quot; are examples of classic soul balladry, and &quot;I Gotch U&quot;  even sets an example of sparse, tasteful production in a genre that can be  overpowered by beats and instrumentation.Are there lukewarm moments?  Yes...the pop-flavored ones.  &quot;You Make Me Smile&quot; and &quot;Be in  Love Again&quot; are less than spectacular, even bordering on schmaltz, but  the vocals and production still make even these songs more than listenable.  And songs like &quot;Believe in Me&quot; and the final hidden track  (untitled or credited, most likely called &quot;The One for You&quot; or  something close) are infectious and intoxicating enough to make up for any  minor shortcomings.Regina joins the ranks of Lisa Stansfield as an  artist whose albums manage to stay in her own personal style and still grow  and blossom with each release.  This album makes it easy to believe in  Regina Belle."))
(4.0, (u'B000002U2Q', u"So Much for the Afterglow is IMHO, a great album that integrates  Everclear's unique style of music and lyrics that will make you laugh and  break your heart too.  Each song has it's own merits, combining the  instrumentatal, vocal and lyrical talents of the band's three members.  Art  writes from the heart about personal and made up experiences which anyone  can identify with in some way and to some degree.  My favorite songs are  &quot;Father of Mine&quot;, &quot;Why I Don't Believe in God&quot;, and  &quot;White Men in Black Suits.&quot;  These songs, while dealing with some  heavy events and issues, don't fall into the pit of despair and make you  feel like killing yourself. Instead, these songs show understanding and the  kind of rage that makes a person change for the better.  I thoroughly  enjoyed this album."))
(4.0, (u'B000005ONA', u"Much like Front 242, Cobalt 60 captures the essence of industrial music  with its driving beats, it's hardcore samples, and its pure power.  I've  been a 242 fan for quite a while, and I have to give Jean Luc De Meyer  credit -- he carries &quot;the tune&quot; with him.  Teaming up with  Dominique Lallement was a good move.  Most of the tunes on this disc are  reminiscent of some of 242s more upbeat, quick tunes.  If you enjoyed  &quot;Moldavia,&quot; &quot;WYHIWYG,&quot; and &quot;Headhunter,&quot;  you'll probably like the album &quot;Elemental.&quot;  Think of those tones  with richer &quot;support,&quot; and you've got the right idea!"))
(4.0, (u'6302561868', u"Though it's not really fitting for a movie in the Alien series, Alien3 is  an interestingly done if monochrome-looking exercise in religious allegory.  Weaver handles the constantly changing role of Ripley well, combining both  the independence shown in Alien with the maternal aspects of Aliens.  This,  combined with the rest of the cast and some effective camerawork, makes for  what is at least an interesting film.  It must be seen letterboxed for it  to make any sense, however.  The end of the movie (and what should have  been the end of the series) is amazing, of course, and worth waiting for  even if you find the preceding two hours unbearably dull.  Give the film a  second look (or a first!), but again, in its original Panavision format if  possible; otherwise it becomes very visually garbled.  END"))
(4.0, (u'B00000C2CO', u"In this newest offering from Lyle Lovett, he gives us his tribute to his  favorite Texas songwriters. It was nice to see songs from Townes Van Zant  and Robert Earl Keen, though the strongest songs on the album are the two  traditional ones.  While I think this is a wonderful album and a nice  departure for Lovett, I was disappointed not to see any female artists.  What about Nanci Griffith? It is a little disappointing that out of a  two-disc set, there is not one female songwriter that had any influence at  all on Lyle Lovett.  This album lacks the hooks that earned Pontiac, I Love  Everybody, and Road to Ensenada the coveted 5 star rating, but it is still  an important piece of Lovett's work and definitely worth while."))
(4.0, (u'B000006ECH', u"By the time this album was released, it had been years since Karen and  Richard had a bonafide hit.  They tried hard to remedy that- and suceeded,  for the most part.  The first radio single &quot;Touch Me When We're  Dancing&quot; shimmers. It represents the best of the duo: warm, tender  vocals; understated arrangement and lyrics of yearning for love.  A wiser,  more mature Karen emerges on &quot;Strength of A Woman&quot;, but she lets  her wandering man come home.  The forgotten single of 1978, &quot;I Believe  You&quot; shows the power behind the voice.  The heartbreaking lyrics and  sensational arrangement make for an instant classic.  The only misstep on  the album is a limp remake of &quot;Beechwood 4-5789&quot;, an obvious  attempt to remake the success of &quot;Please Mr. Postman&quot;. Karen was  no longer sweet sixteen, but a  woman of 31, and overall this collection  shows why she was the best of her generation, and of those before or after."))
(4.0, (u'B00000B9FM', u"People who know the constant changes in sound His Name Is Alive go through  tend to view each change as a progression.  &quot;Livonia&quot; is their  first full length album which showcases their finest acheivements in their  early sparse, gothic phase.  Though &quot;Home Is In Your Head&quot; gave a  few wonderful tracks (out of 23 sound bytes basically,) their structureless  song style was never more well recieved than on &quot;Livonia.&quot;  Particularly, the first track &quot;As We Could Ever&quot; blends a  beautiful mesh of sounds and music with a single heavenly voice lulling  sometimes nonsensical, sometimes brilliant lyrics.  This track also finds  it's way creatively into many other HNIA tunes from their later albums  (check out the very end of Stars on ESP.)Though this was not my favorite  period for this band, this album does deserve it's honorable mention and  attention.  Think what you will about 4AD, but who else would've dared take  a chance on a group this unconventional, bizarre, and breath-taking?"))
(4.0, (u'B000000OWT', u"My beloved recently painted her kitchen. In private she calls the color  &quot;aureola pink&quot; (or something like that...) but to the world, it's  &quot;Lisa Loeb pink.&quot; I suppose I tend to confuse the two.If I  were going to pick a young celebrity to have a pointless crush on, it would  have to be Lisa Loeb. How could anyone not love that fierce and luscious  jaw, those on-your-face hornrims? How could anyone not love someone who had  her head attached electronically to the body of a soft-core  '50s  dream?But all this and brains too. Lisa Loeb has a melody and she knows  how to use one. Lots of them,  in fact. Bouncy ones. Perky ones. Soft ones.  Melodies (in case you were losing the thread) to make you swoon. Melodies  with bass strings rising up to lick the cream off the high notes.Lisa  Loeb is not Tori Amos. She isn't Paula Cole either, thank God. She's a whip  smart, angsty thirty-something who damn well knows that pop is pop. And  even if you're not sure just why you should dream of the frog legs sitting  in the church, you can forget about it and dance along with the angels.  Truthfully."))
(4.0, (u'B000008UN2', u"This is Fat Possum's latest sampler.  It features several obscure Delta  artists, such as Cedell Davis from Pine Bluff, AR and Johnny Farmer.  Davis' music is unique since he was crippled as a child by polio and plays  slide with a butter knife.  The sampler also features better known artists  such as R.l. Burnside with his new &quot;hip-hop&quot; sound and the late  great Mississippi juke joint proprioter Junior Kimbrough.  The CD also  includes Bob Log III and Twenty Miles.  These guys are more akin to punk  than they are to &quot;real&quot; blues, but they are young musicians  harkening back to solid blues roots with a punk twist. Give Fat Possum a  listen!"))
(4.0, (u'B000002QVV', u"This collection is a nicely priced MCA re-release of an earlier Jolson LP.  The recordings are clean and a good remastering of some of Jolie's finest  and most popular pieces, however, contrary to the playlist above it  contains all the listed songs except &quot;My Mother's Rosary&quot; and  &quot;Where the Black-Eyed Susans Grow&quot;. While the pieces contained on  this CD can be got on other lenghthy compilation albums, this CD gives you  the basic &quot;Best of&quot;. Includes favorites such as  &quot;Swanee&quot;, &quot;My Mammy&quot;, &quot;Carolina in the  Mornin'&quot; and the title song, all reminiscent of the Jazz Singer's love  for the people and the culture of the older South.-Andrew Kercher"))
(4.0, (u'B000002GCP', u"This album broke Herb Alpert from the &quot;easy listening&quot; category  that everyone tried to put him in when he led the Tijuana Brass. This is a  great mix of pop/jazz/funk. &quot;1980&quot; opens the album. This song was  to be the theme to the 1980 Olympics, but the boycott of the Olympics by  the U.S. destroyed any real chance of airplay for this song. But  &quot;Rise&quot; had no problems at all. This song was a perfect change  from the disco sounds of the day. A perfect groove, and a very pretty  melody. Listen to the interplay between the guitar, marimba, and keyboards.  It's magical! &quot;Behind The Rain&quot; has a searing rock guitar solo,  followed by a hot flugelhorn solo by Alpert. &quot;Rotation&quot; is a  great mix of techno-turned-samba jazz. Another nice solo by Herb. But his  best solo is saved for &quot;Aranjuez&quot;. This classical piece is turned  uptempo, sort of a disco-ish style with a Middle Eastern section in the  middle of the song. And Alpert blazes away on one of his better recorded  solos in a long time. Sometimes the thump-thump-thump gets in the way of  the songs, but overall this is a terrific recording!"))
(4.0, (u'B000001DV2', u"Def Leppard is one of those few bands that manages to mix sex and  intelligence in their music and lyrics. With Adrenalize, the band shows  that they have not lost their intelligence amidst the pain and turmoil they  went through with the death of their first guitarist Steve Clark. Phil  Collen (always my favorite of the two anyway) plays all the guitar parts  with clarity and capturing Clark's essence without sacrificing his own  identity in the music. The songs are very listenable as well. &quot;White  Lightning,&quot; and &quot;I Wanna Touch You&quot; are the two best tracks  IMHO. Overall, Def Leppard made another good album..."))
(4.0, (u'B000001OAC', u"Herb Alpert's first release in four years - and on his new label - is a  joyous one! Teaming up with keyboardist Jeff Lorber, Alpert embarks on a  funk-jazz romp that showcases some of his best playing on record. He  conjures up images of Miles Davis on many of the songs, yet it isn't a  ripoff of Miles at all. Alpert is a smart player. He knows what he can and  can't do, and stays within himself. Opening up with the aptly-titled  &quot;Second Wind&quot; Herb and Lorber create a great groove which gives  Alpert some freedom to roam around on the horn. &quot;Driving Home&quot; is  another hot song with Herb playing some really nice jazz on. Lorber does  some nice playing on &quot;Sneakin' In&quot; with the Hammond B3 organ,  conjuring up images of Jimmy Smith. This is some of Lorber's best playing  on record, too. On his own Lorber ends up playing a zillion notes per  second, but under Alpert's guidance he plays only when necessary. The two  combined to compose most of the songs, including the beautiful  &quot;Rendevouz&quot;, where Alpert shows his romantic side of playing. And  his version of &quot;My Funny Valentine&quot; is also very hip. For those  who haven't listened to Herb Alpert in a long time, this is a CD that will  impress you.One other note: The Japanese version of this CD contains a  bonus track - a &quot;live&quot; version of &quot;The Lonely Bull&quot;,  which was Alpert's very first hit with the Tijuana Brass. Very funky, with  great solos by Alpert and Lorber!"))
(3.0, (u'6303451489', u"This is the travelogue version of the venerable novel by Stacpole. It's the sort of movie to make you want to buy a ticket for a tropical holiday. Think of it as soft porn in the sun.The young Shields plays the part of a girl marooned on a deserted tropical island, with the gorgeous hunk of Chris Atkins as the boy marooned with her. At the time of marooning, the kids are quite young so the movie inserts the character of Leo McGuigan (famous as Rumpole of the Bailey) to nurture and guide them.Years pass in paradise, the old guy dies, and the kids grow up. Lots of flesh show as they sport on the beaches. Shields and Atkins show their buff bodies to good advantage. In one notorious scene, Atkins sits naked in Shields' lap as they slide down a waterfall, displaying all of his goodies.The kids discover sex, do it as much as they can, and have a baby. Talk about Adam and Eve!The bad guy shows up as a pearl fisher, who exploits Atkins to dive for the pearls without knowing their value.Eventually the kids, and their young son, get rescued. But at the end of the movie, they return to their island paradise.Gorgeous photography, equally split between flesh and scenery. Good for a cold winter's night, what with tropical scenery and sexy bodies to warm the viewer's heart.  END"))
(3.0, (u'6304674686', u"A mysterious beast is causing trouble and a mysterious woman calls on the help of Tsunami Shijyo, a demon hunter to help destroy the monster and save the city.  In his mission to destroy the monster, Shijyo finds out that its creator is his nemesis Mr. Takamiya.  Soon, the mission to save the city from the monster's destruction becomes a mission to save the world.The story is very interesting at best.  The animation style for Twilight of the Dark Master is very dark and edgy and the action sequences keep viewer in suspense enough to find out the conclusion.  Although I did not find the ending captivating enough, I would recommend this title for anyone who enjoys a good mystery.  END"))
(3.0, (u'B000002RG3', u"What would you get if you crossed Shania Twain with a chainsaw?Not quite Neko Case. She knows better than to start a song with &quot;Cool!!&quot; and though her sound is brash, it won't leave gashes. Still, this is a frustrating album.Take the first song, &quot;Timber.&quot; It's an energetic start, but even  taking the intentional slides into account, the singing is just plain sloppy. That's true on too many numbers. Neko Case has a formidable set of pipes, but that makes wandering pitch and lack of subtlety all the more obvious. And while these qualities may be virtues in punk, they're definitely not in country. The best country singers -- including  the honky-tonkers and rockabillies -- sing in tune and have a strong sense of phrase.Then there's the band -- her Boyfriends. While they aren't by any means incompetent, the sound is muddy, metallic, and not quite from any known genre. Country? Rockabilly? Rock and Roll? The Ventures maybe? I don't know, and I don't think they do either.In spite of all this, there's something here. Punk background notwithstanding, Neko Case seems genuinely to respect country. Some numbers -- a cover of &quot;Bowling Green,&quot; for example -- work quite well. There's also some solid writing. &quot;Lonely Old Lies&quot; and the title track, an intriguing piece of non-Gospel, are good examples. But even with this material, my reaction was often that I'd like to hear it done by someone else. Or better yet, I'd like to hear it done by Neko Case, after she has worked on her chops and locked her Boyfriends in a room with some CDs from Austin or Bakersfield or, God knows, even Nashville."))
(3.0, (u'B000000W7H', u"Like many bands comprising highly accomplished musicians, King Crimson's studio recordings are polished and refined until they no longer adequately represent the improvisational genius and passion of the live performances.  When what you have to offer primarily exists in the moment, then you must first kill whatever you want to freeze and preserve.All the elements are here - the double trio's dark thunder in the title track and Vroom, Adian Belew's Beatlesque vocals, Ballads like &quot;Walking on Air&quot;, Robert Fripp's meditative soundscapes, and Belew making animal noises with his guitar (in this case, a Dinosaur).  Everthing is impeccably played.  We hold King Crimson to a higher standard, however.  What's missing is the spontaneous magic only a live performance can conjure.  For this, if you can't get to a Crimson show, you need live recordings like Thrakattak or Vroom.King Crimson is run somewhat democratically, and with six top flight musicians, they are pulled and pushed in six different directions.  This was the undoing of the early 80s incarnation of King Crimson (then a quartet), which produced the splendid &quot;Discipline,&quot; and then slowly dissipated in &quot;Beat&quot; and &quot;Three of a Perfect Pair.&quot;  However, the 90s Crimson is consciously combatting these tendencies, and so have lately been recording and touring in smaller sub units - Projekct One, Projekct tow, and B.L.U.E."))
(3.0, (u'B000003S1C', u'After the marvelous "Discipline", we were hoping for great things from the 80s incarnation of King Crimson. What we got in "Beat" was a fine effort, with singer/guitarist Adrian Belew moving solidly to the front, but not an adequate follow up to the remarkable developments of thier first effort.Belew is one of the best balladeers in the business, and we get that here with "Heartbeat" and the lovely "Two Hands," and as we would expect, flawless instrumental performances throughout, with guitarist Robert Fripp superb in those few moments in which he steps forward.Still, as with many studio efforts, everything is restrained, polished, and careful. Even the highly improvisational \'Requiem\' seems somehow held down.'))
(3.0, (u'B000002MW6', u"When I saw this album I thought it was a wonderful idea; cowboy music performed by Michael Martin Murphey and guest musicians like the Sons of the San Jaoquin, accompanied by the San Antonio Symphony.  The song selection is good and the performances are great.  Only one thing mars the album.  The recording level was apparently too low and, as a result, you'll find yourself turning the volume up quite a bit just to be able to hear the music at a normal level.  To the point where you'll seem to hear a background hiss, even though its a CD, and you'd better not forget to turn the volume back down when you put something else on unless you want to wake the entire neighborhood."))
(3.0, (u'B000002J34', u"As a Led Zeppelin fan of many years who has always been more interested in the music than the mystique of the band, let me say that this album is worth buying for its version of &quot;Kashmir&quot; alone. Unfortunately, it may be the only reason. I personally don't feel that the new songs are worth much and, while most of the Led Zeppelin covers are interesting, especially &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine,&quot; they pale in comparison to the originals. And, sad to say, Plant appears to be straining to hit notes that he once reached so effortlessly. I have never understood why &quot;Kashmir&quot; was such a popular and beloved Zeppelin song. Not that I didn't like it, or anything. I just didn't think it was great. Now, thanks to this version, I do. Nuf said."))
(3.0, (u'B000003TCJ', u"Try to think all the way back to 1989, when, for about a week, all Britain hailed the Sundays as The Next Big Thing. They sounded like no one else -- high, airy female vocals laying darkly shaded melodies over Andy Summers-style suspended guitar chords and major-seventh arpeggios. The arrangements were spare, the lyrics a little bratty. Well, it's eight years later (as of 9/97, that is), and the Sundays are just getting around to releasing their third album. In the five years since the last record, guitarist David Gavurin and singer Harriet Wheeler took some time off, had a daughter and made their writing and recording process more organic. The duo put a lot more thought into the lyrics this time, arrangements are a bit richer, and they've added some new instrumental touches -- some genuine horns and strings (they only *sound* synthesized) accentuate a few tracks. But it's tough to tell if the years have changed the band -- the songs sound pretty much like the previous songs, only not quite as good (listen to how the catchy 6ths and 9ths in the verse of &quot;Summertime&quot; resolves into the bland major-7ths of the chorus). Like their earlier albums, &quot;Static &amp; Silence&quot; is perfect brunch music: easy on the ear, just interesting enough to catch your attention every once in a while. When I spoke at length with the extraordinarily personable duo just before the album's release, they singled out Joni Mitchell's &quot;Hejira&quot; as a favorite. Would that that great record had influenced them more strongly."))
(3.0, (u'B000002H8F', u"I'm not sure how it was possible that the Pixies made a Pixies album, with Pixies songs &amp; Pixies themes, but at the same time made an album so average and lackluster.  Maybe it's like the way the Sonics play in the third quarter after being ahead by 20 at half time.This is the followup to the brilliant 'Doolittle', though you'd never be able to tell.  The only song worth saving is 'Allsion', and you can now get a great live version of that on 'Death to the Pixies'.  My advice:  skip 'Bossonova' and head straight to the album they wanted to make when recording this one -- the incredible 'Trompe Le Monde'."))
(3.0, (u'B000001C9W', u"As a rock reviewer....I think the band would do better to introduce more melodic refrains into their rock genre.  The album has alot of repetition and too much cymbal which tends to drown out the lyrics.  However, since I am also one of the band member's mothers...I applaude their efforts in lightening up their former heavy albums.  The world needs more light, especially the kids today...so best of luck to you guys in persuing a more &quot; melodic rock&quot;...because I hear from some bands in Europe that melodic rock is happening now and that they are crazy about it over there, especially in Germany. Your response to this review is welcome."))
(3.0, (u'B0000033EB', u"After a creative, yet unsuccessful year with 1969 that produced two interesting albums (&quot;Instant Replay&quot; and &quot;The Monkees Present&quot;), this one is no more than a wash. The Monkees were a trio throughout '69 (Peter Tork had left the band) and now they were Mike-less as well. Why did Micky and Davy make this record? Basically, to fulfill a contract, and it sounds it. Not that everything about this album is bad ( in fact, Micky's vocals are fine throughout), it's just the material is so weak, not even The Beatles could have elevated it. This is only for the die-hard Monkees fan. Definitely NOT for the casual listener. The Monkees are already an underrated group as it is!"))
(3.0, (u'B00000099S', u'Matthew Sweet is less a great songwriter than he is a great bandleader; he\'s popular not for soul-probing lyrics and ambitious tempo changes but for sheer power-pop exuberance-for the guitar crunch and noise of "Divine Intervention," the frenzied strumming of "Girlfriend," the layered harmonies of "Devil with the Green Eyes." On "100% Fun," his second CD since 1990\'s breakthrough "Girlfriend," Sweet delivers more of the same: catchy riffs, twisting leads from Television guitar ace Richard Lloyd and his own reedy voice and bracingly earnest singing. The mix this time is a bit murky; Sweet begins the album by burying the would-be radio hit "Sick of Myself" and delicate "Not When I Need It" beneath walls of sound. Only a few songs, like the pulse-quickening "Super Baby," sport arrangements as dynamic and crisp as Sweet\'s band\'s work when it backs singer Lloyd Cole. So that\'s "100% Fun": no instant classics, no surprises, and only about 80 percent fun, but upbeat as hell, and a solid record that\'ll keep guests groovin\' at your next party. Don\'t bother if you don\'t already own &quot;Girlfriend&quot; or &quot;Altered Beast.&quot;'))
(3.0, (u'B0000062S0', u"To expect this recording to be Led Zeppelin would be a mistake.  Robert and Jimmy where smart enough not to attempt to release new material under that hallowed name.  However, they also couldn't resist toying with their fans by placing their famous Zeppelin &quot;ZoSo&quot; symbol on the inside of the CD case.  It didn't work. I warn anyone with the hopeful illusion that this CD somehow continues Led Zepplelin's career to give that idea up before you buy it, or you will be disappointed.  You may be dissapointed anyway.  This is a mellow record.  Not that mellow is bad,  but to have to wait 8 tracks in before Page unleashes a scorching gutair solo (on the decent title cut) is awfully mellow.  There are moments, particularly on the opening cut, Shining in the Light, when mellowness and blast of sonic power are set against one another, which creates the kind of texture and structure on which Page created his finest works.  But those kind of moments are few.  You get lulled into a slumber but the wake up bell never really seems to come.  It compares to traveling through a deep vally in order to get to a few long-awaited peaks."))
(3.0, (u'B000005B0R', u"It is the sad sorry of a great artist gone rancid.  dont't get me wrong though, Rakim is a legend in the golden era of Hip Hop.  if there was a hall of fame of Emcees, he would be the first inductee.  but this album is a dissapointment from all the areas of production, delivery, and total flow.  true, it does have some rejuvunation of the once dominate Rakim, but he does not come close to the superior jockey he once was.all in all, you can buy this for the novelty and be dissatisfied.  but the only way to attain some sort of satisfication, is to dub it."))
(3.0, (u'B000002TY9', u"Like many Duran albums of late, the quality of tracks on &quot;Medazzaland&quot; swing from wonderful to banal.  The general trend seems to be that as soon as Warren is allowed to tear loose with his distorted guitar, the subtlties and strong melodies that have been Duran's trademark go out the window (much like the second half of their album &quot;Liberty&quot;).  For every item like &quot;Midnight Sun&quot;, with it's rolling bassline and delicate treatments, there is &quot;Who Do You Think You Are?&quot;, a clunky retro-rock number that frankly sounds like nearly-forty-somethings trying to regain some kind of edge.  Go figure.Still, there are some winners here, including the totally overlooked &quot;Out of My Mind&quot; and &quot;Electric Barbarella&quot;, and the mysterious &quot;Buried In the Sand&quot; that make this album worth having."))
(3.0, (u'B0000084GW', u"I found out about Stephan eicher on a trip to France.  I just saw an ad for him on the television and said &quot;Wow&quot; I really need to check this guy out.  In terms of style he's hard to define.  This is not really party music.  It's more the kind of stuff you'd want on while driving or in small groups like a date or small dinner party.&quot;Je n'ai pas d'ami comme toi&quot; Means 'I don't have any other friend like you' Quick pace, lively.&quot;Dejuner en paix&quot; Means &quot;eat lunch in peace&quot; I never figured out that one.&quot;Move a litle closer&quot; Is nice, but definetly date music.  Very good."))
(3.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"Why does a likable artist like Tori Amos make music that is so hard to like?  One would think Amos, 34, whose album &quot;From the Choirgirl Hotel&quot; has just been released, would become a pin-up girl for both male and female music fans everywhere. First of all, she's a true beauty, with fiery red hair, hypnotic eyes and full lips many supermodels would kill for.  Secondly, she's a fine pianist, and she writes all her songs. Her arrangements are as complex as acclaimed art-rock artists like Peter Gabriel. She also has a knack for cool covers -- she's revamped Nirvana's &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit,&quot; the Rolling Stones' &quot;Angie&quot; and Led Zeppelin into fresh, intriguing contexts.  Too bad her songs don't have as much appeal as her covers. Amos' tunes generally fall into two themes -- sex and religion -- but with too few specifics and too much eccentricity in the lyrics. There is no parental advisory on the album, I suspect, because Amos' writings are head-scratchers more than crotch-grabbers.  Amos' sex-religion obsessions seem to inspire music that, through its complexity or abandon, is a sort of psychological release for her. But the results are so muddled that she seems destined to be just a successful cult artist -- a poor woman's Kate Bush.  That said, &quot;From the Choirgirl Hotel&quot; is an improvement from 1996's confused &quot;Boys For Pele&quot; CD. Amos enlisted a band on &quot;Choirgirl&quot; to help flesh out her sound, and her excursions into hip-hop and techno are more successful this time around. Songs like &quot;Spark,&quot; &quot;Raspberry Swirl,&quot; &quot;Jackie's Strength&quot; and &quot;Playboy Mommy&quot; have their moments of appeal. Still, a few flashes of brilliance does not make a successful album.  What's not to like about Tori Amos? Plenty ... when you're talking about her music."))
(3.0, (u'B000006OH6', u'Sean Lennon\'s debut album, "Into the Sun," sounds like what would have come from a genetic engineering project by a record executive.  Sean, 22, essentially sounds like the son of a British pop rocker and a Japanese avant-garde artist -- because he is. Unless you\'ve been under a rock for two decades, you know he\'s the offspring of the late John Lennon, a former Beatle, and Yoko Ono, a Tokyo-born conceptual and performance artist. So his forays into pop-rock, avant-garde and multicultural music probably seem as natural as breathing.  Add in music trends that have occurred in Sean\'s short lifetime -- like electronica and grunge -- and you\'ve got the sometimes strange, sometimes wonderful hybrid that is &quot;Into the Sun.&quot;  Perhaps to deflate unreasonable expectations by Beatles fans, Sean Lennon\'s album feels like a loose project. Several musicians from his side band, Cibo Matto, help out on the CD, and Sean\'s reported girlfriend, Yuka Honda, is its producer.  &quot;Into the Sun&quot; is a whimsical, happy album by a young man who likes rock music, spaceships, TV and being around girls. The fact that Sean seems to be a reasonably well-adjusted person -- especially when one considers his father was murdered when he was the tender age of 4 and that he grew up in the media spotlight -- is a small miracle.  Although &quot;Into the Sun&quot; seems freewheeling, there\'s no doubt Sean is in charge. He wrote all the songs, played a truckload of instruments and even provided the CD\'s artwork. It\'s a certainly more assured work than anything released by his half-brother, Julian Lennon, who now is a trivia question in the music world.  Sean quickly shows his diverse vision on the album\'s opener, &quot;Mystery Juice.&quot; With vocals that sound like his dad\'s during his teen-age years, the first two minutes sound like an acoustic Beatles heartbreaker. Then the grunge guitars blast forth, along with a swarm of tape loops and sound effects. Sean concludes the raucous with a line, &quot;Dreaming is the singi! ng of the mind.&quot;  Songs range from a Burt Bachrach doppleganger (&quot;Into the Sun&quot;), acoustic folk (&quot;One Night&quot;), David Bowie-ish glam rock (&quot;Spaceship&quot;) and grunge (&quot;Home&quot;). All of this sounds eccentric until one realizes that many of these tunes wouldn\'t feel out of place with the rampant experiments on &quot;The Beatles 1967-1970&quot; double CD.  The album\'s second half gets stronger with four consecutive terrific songs. &quot;Photosynthesis&quot; is a fiery, six-minute instrumental that features jazz horns, piano riffs, tasty bass grooves and Latin percussion. Next is &quot;Queue,&quot; a catchy ditty that recalls &quot;Penny Lane&quot; and has a Middle Eastern instrumental break that would please George Harrison. &quot;Two Fine Lovers&quot; sounds like a hip dance tune from the early 1970s. A wheezy harmonica, lazy honky-tonk beat and lines like &quot;If I were a rooster I would cockadoodle all day&quot; make &quot;Part One of the Cowboy Trilogy&quot; a breezy trip.  &quot;Into the Sun&quot; isn\'t an essential work, but a promising one that bodes well for the second-generation Lennon. Future albums need some focus and polishing ... may I suggest George Martin in the producer\'s booth?'))
(3.0, (u'B000006NPY', u"Smashing Pumpkins is known as a band of loud guitars, grand arrangements and multiplatinum sales.  But their new album, &quot;Adore,&quot; is so subdued that maybe the Chicago quartet should rename itself Shushing Pumpkins.  The decidedly uncommercial aspects of &quot;Adore&quot; are surprising, given the band's history. Despite the band's alternative-rock label, singer-songwriter Billy Corgan, along with bassist D'Arcy and guitarist James Iha, have always had their eyes on fame and fortune.  Even though Corgan's songs were filled with personal angst, he also made no bones about the fact he was targeting the lucrative teen market. And with its combination of loud, swirling guitars and Corgan's childlike wail, Smashing Pumpkins have been up to their necks in dollars.  But on &quot;Adore,&quot; the Pumpkins sound like a band in transition. Corgan's piano dominates the album's sound as much as the guitars. Powerful drums have largely replaced by tape loops and sequencers. Corgan's tormented worldview seems even darker amid the album's contemplative context.  My theory is that Smashing Pumpkins still haven't recovered from the Jimmy Chamberlin debacle of 1996. The troubled Chamberlin, a wonderful drummer and a charter member of the band, decided to shoot up heroin with tour keyboardist Jonathan Melvoin in a hotel room. Melvoin never woke up, and Chamberlin was arrested and subsequently fired from the band.  Filter drummer Matt Walker replaced Chamberlin on the rest of the tour. But Walker was never officially made a member of the band, and his presence on &quot;Adore&quot; is unremarkable, at best. Joey Waronker also was hired to do some drumming on the CD, making Walker's future with the band suspect.  Corgan insists the computerized rhythms on &quot;Adore&quot; are part of his growing fascination with electronica. But it's more likely that Walker was unable to match Chamberlin's inspired drumming, and Smashing Pumpkins' rock `n' roll power has suffered for it.  That's not to say that the song! s on &quot;Adore&quot; are bad. Corgan's sense of melody is intact, and the lovely arrangements lend a creepier edge to his dark vision on songs like &quot;Ada Adore&quot; (&quot;I'll pull your crooked teeth / you'll be perfect just like me.&quot;). Corgan still has the touch for epic tunes, especially the eight-minute composition for his dead mother, &quot;For Martha.&quot;  The electronic grooves propel the band on a few songs, including &quot;Perfect,&quot; &quot;Appels &amp; Oranjes&quot; and &quot;Pug.&quot;  But the album, except for &quot;Ava Adore,&quot; seldom rocks. Focused lyrics are not Corgan's strength, and the subdued arrangements make this weakness stick out.  Smashing Pumpkins' strength is big, grandiose songs, and fans looking for those will be largely disappointed. A Smashing Pumpkins CD with out a big sound is like driving a V-8 engine with four sparkplugs removed.  &quot;Adore&quot; will probably be to Smashing Pumpkins to what &quot;No Code&quot; was to Pearl Jam -- an unpopular album that barely goes platinum and nearly turns off its fan base for good. For a band that sets its commercial sights high like the Pumpkins, there is only one word for this comparison.  Ouch."))
(3.0, (u'B000004BN8', u"Finally, a CD of Artistics sides. Since I wore out the vinyl albums these songs first appeared on this CD is greatly appreciated. It's nice to hear a good vocal group singing to good rhythm tracks and not much else. The sparseness makes their soulful vocal blend stand out even more. A few of the songs do have strings including the standard &quot;With These Hands&quot; and the Chi-lites sounding &quot;Just Another Heartache&quot; which Chi-lite lead singer Eugene Record wrote with Barbara &quot;Love Makes A Woman&quot; Acklin. If some of the Artistics Okeh sides had been included this would be a five star special."))
(3.0, (u'B000001F0J', u"As with most bands, the debut album is always their weakest material.  Some have compared this album to early Pink Floyd music, or Jane's Addiction, and I guess I can see a slight resemblance.  This album isn't quite as complete as some of the band's other material.  Some songs (like My Umbrella, Blown Away) are more upbeat, rock &amp; roll, while songs like Miles and Miles of Pain, and Triangle are a little more mellow (almost a little too mellow).  I still think that no Tripping Daisy collection would be complete without this album in it though.  I would like to say, for anyone new to the band, start here, the same place the band started, and then progress to the next album, and experience the changes their music has gone through over the years, and continue to do so until you've been through them all."))
(3.0, (u'B000001JLV', u"Disc 1 consists of live tracks from the SLO concerts. No big surprises here, although it is good to hear some of the YES classsics in cleaner, fresher live recordings.  As with most live recordings these days, these tracks are probably heavily overdubbed and edited.The big news is the new studio tracks. Mind Drive is a 20-min. long piece in the classic tradition; excellent!  The shorter tracks are great too.  They sound fresh and have some nice changes and progressive elements.The only criticism I have about the new tracks is Rick Wakeman's keyboard parts.  They sound like he phoned them in.  And actually that is about what he did; the rest of the band left holes for him to fill in.  His playing sounds trite and uninspired; like he hasn't gone beyond 1976.  He has now left the band and I think they are better off for it.The other surprising thing is how different the new tracks sound from the Open Your Eyes disc released within a month of this one."))
(3.0, (u'B0000025HW', u"This is a case of too many cooks spoiling the broth as Jane is produced here by three different people (back before production by committee was customary).  The results vary, depending on the producer.  The songs produced by Jason Darrow, Olivor's longtime producer, are far and away the highlights (the title cut and &quot;Vagabond&quot;).  The Louie Shelton cuts seem a departure for Jane, in terms of style and substance, but all in all, more than satisfactory.  The nadir are those produced by Michael Masser (&quot;To Love Again&quot;, &quot;Greatest Love of All&quot; etc.) -- wildly overproduced, forcing Olivor to oversing to be heard over the globs and globs of orchestration.  Somehow, this just isn't the same Olivor who thrilled us back with &quot;First Night.&quot;  And WHY Columbia released &quot;Don't Let Go of Me,&quot; rather than the brilliant title cut, as the single, reflects the mismanagement of Olivor's career.  Great pix of Jane though -- finally!"))
(3.0, (u'B000005QZD', u"Valerie Carter's gorgeous soprano has been missing from the recording scene for almost twenty years, so the release of her new CD &quot;The Way It Is&quot; is cause for celebration. However, it is a little disappointing to hear a singular voice like hers couched in some rather pedestrian arrangements of a few classic tunes that should have been a grand showcase for her gifts. Van Morrison's &quot;Into the Mystic&quot; would seem to be a perfect song for Carter's plaintive style, but the surrounding accompaniment sounds as if the musicians were a little awed by the material and resort to playing a kind of wedding band arrangement that drains the life out of the song and the singer. Ditto Neil Young's &quot;Birds&quot; and Bill Withers'  fabulous &quot;Who is She and What Is She To You?&quot; although everyone is redeemed by Carter's take on Tom Waits' &quot;Whistle Down the Wind.&quot; The newer tunes by Carter, Tom Snow, and Jackson Browne, to name a few, are fine pieces but seem distinctly out of place against the aforementioned classics. Oddly, the album only works up a real sweat on the hidden track at the end, an all-star jam of Earth, Wind, and Fire's &quot;That's the Way Of The World.&quot; To hear Valerie Carter stand toe to toe with Phoebe Snow, among others, gives a glimpse of what might have been. This is a fine collection, but fine is just not good enough when dealing with a class act like Valerie Carter."))
(3.0, (u'B000000E6F', u"According to the album insert, &quot;The predominant theme of De Danann's new LP featuring singer Maura O'Connell from Ennis is the awakened interest in the heyday of Irish-American music in the 1920's.&quot; I enjoyed this album, but I can't say anything jumped out as outstanding -- with the exception of 2 songs: Maggie and Come Back Again To Me, Mavourneen (both performed by O'Connell). The remaining songs are average old-fashioned Irish tunes, jigs, and reels.I first found out about De Danann from an album called Celtic Tapestry. I found myself enamoured by the voice singing the song Maggie. I learned that Maggie was on their Star Spangled Molly album and purchased it in hopes of hearing more of that wonderful voice. Unfortunately, that singer (Maura O'Connell) only performs 3 songs on the album. She has since started her own successful solo career.If you like older, more traditional styles of Irish/Celtic music you will probably enjoy this album. If you like the newer styles of Irish/Celtic music (like The Corrs or Loreena McKennitt), you may not be happy with this album."))
(3.0, (u'B00000294N', u"After the Oils' pentateuch of excellent albums from 10,9,8,7,6,5,4,3,2,1 to Blue Sky Mining (including the fiery Species Deceases EP), Earth and Sun and Moon doesn't quite rise to the standard created over the previous ten years. But it's not to say that the band has lost its spirit. &quot;Truganini,&quot; &quot;Drums of Heaven,&quot; and &quot;Tell Me The Truth&quot; rock as hard as any other song they've played, while &quot;Bushfire&quot; and the righteous &quot;Feeding Frenzy&quot; are downright chilling. Organs (or synthesizers?) are used here more than usual, which adds to the eerie feel in places. But the '90s-type syncopation in &quot;Outbreak of Love&quot; (not to mention the loopy chorus: &quot;Because I know/This is the end of the beginning of the outbreak of love&quot;) just doesn't sit well with the Oils' usual straightforward attack. Likewise, &quot;In The Valley&quot; sounds just a bit too twee, and the title song a bit top-heavy and burdensome. All in all, I tend to give this album the benefit of the doubt. As with every album, this one delivers the powerful politics with the remarkable chord progressions that set Midnight Oil apart from most any other band."))
(3.0, (u'B000002C25', u"Oasis finally managed what their last two albums couldn't quite pull off: failure. At least, failure in an artistic sense, anyway. Songwriter Noel Gallagher's hooks have always been painfully derivative of The Beatles, but now he seems to have decided to hang a sign around his neck with lyrics like: &quot;The fool on the hill and I feel fine,&quot; and &quot;Down the long and winding road and back home to you.&quot; And those are just the ones that spring to mind. Also, he's named one of his songs &quot;Stand By Me,&quot; which is hardly original, either. Hell, Lennon even covered a song of the same name, a song which dates back decades. There's not a copyright on names, no, but still, certain titles reach the point of public awareness that they should then be left alone by future songwriters. &quot;Stand By Me&quot; would definitely qualify as one of those titles. All of this could be forgiven, though, if Noel had concentrated on songwriting rather than production. People accused The Beatles of overproduction on Abbey Road, but Noel's one up on them with Be Here Now. There's so much going on in the back that I'm tempted to roll up my windows, only to realize that what I'm hearing isn't a passing plane or street noise, but is, in fact, coming from my stereo. The album does have its positives. Liam's voice, for once, works. He seems to have found a way to control the breaks that always seemed to emerge before, quite painfully so; and, he can actually hold a note for a reasonable period of time, now. And the drumming by Alan White is still consistently some of the best around. A few of the songs are even quite good, though not many. The album's few true highlights include &quot;My Big Mouth&quot;; &quot;Magic Pie,&quot; sung by Noel, which uses original lyrics to conjure up the life of a one-time rock 'n' roll star who's come and gone; &quot;The Girl In The Dirty Shirt&quot;; and the radio-friendly &quot;Don't Go Away.&quot; All said, not a great record, and certainly not anywhere near as good as thei! r previous two records, both of which were listenable from front to back. Hardcore fans will find enough to please with this album, but to the uninitiated, I would recommend a sturdy dose of &quot;(What's The Story) Morning Glory&quot; as your introduction to Oasis. Save this album for last."))
(3.0, (u'B000007NCY', u"I tried. I really did.  As a fan of the Flecktones and of Bela's solo music, I really wanted to like this CD, but it's already gathering dust on the shelf and &quot;Live Art&quot; is back burning up my CD player. Why? The vocal songs are terrible!  The lyrics are some of the worst I've ever read and the inclusion of Amy Grant is insulting.  And why do I barely notice the presence of Victor Wooten?  The only positive note is that Jeff Coffin is a welcome presence (as was Paul McCandless), much better than the shrill harmonica of Howard Levy on earlier recordings. If you're going to see the Flecktones live this summer (Do it! You won't regret it!) and you want to know some of the new tunes, buy this - otherwise, stick with Live Art or Tales of the Acoustic Planet. Back to the drawing board, Bela."))
(3.0, (u'B000000J7K', u"Volume 3 offers a mature collection of blues, religion, and folk provided by Josh and his various accompanying artists.The inferior recording of some of the tracks is almost appropriate as it emmulates the scratched and hissed sounds reminiscent of listening to 78 rpm records that have been played more than three times.  This may be a distraction to those who post date 78 and 45 and 33 rpms.The collection offers several styles that should appeal to a wide variety of listeners.  The driving, throbbing style of 'Got a Key to the Kingdom' defies the listener to keep his/her foot or head still while 'My Soul is Gonna Live with God' is hymnal.This collection also provides a clarinet as accompanyment.  An enjoyable treat.Although the fabled 'Milk Cow Blues' is listed as cut 18, it is not included on my CD.  So what?  It is available on many other Josh White collections.Typical of Josh White's music, the listener is given a thought provoking and conscious irritating social and political commentary.Since it is Josh White, the collection is be definition, good, although not as much as some of the other offerings."))
(3.0, (u'B000002KDE', u"There is a song on this album, &quot;Sin City&quot; which has long been a puzzle for me.  The words seem to reflect a complex story, but without knowing the story, the song does not make sense.  I would welcome feedback from anyone having knowledge of the song's background.  It is a sad and moving song, just not sure what it all means.As for the balance of the album, it is classic Harris through and through.  It has some of her best &quot;early&quot; material and is an excellent mix of songs so it does not seem at all repeticious.  Well worth the money."))
(3.0, (u'B000002JIL', u"I will be the first person to admit that I adore Tori Amos.  I have all 5 of her albums, and many singles w/ bonus tracks like this one.  I'm sorry, but who wants to listen to anyone sing &quot;This Old Man?&quot;  Besides the fabulous &quot;Caught A Lite Sneeze,&quot;  which is  on &quot;Boys For Pele&quot;, none of the other tracks did anything for me.  &quot;Toodles Mr. Jim&quot; was kind of humorous because of what she says at the end, but what is so amusing about an account of a girl who punches the daughter of a cherry-picker named Jim, in the nose?  These &quot;silly songs&quot; are simply poor, but &quot;Caught A Lite Sneeze&quot; elevates this single up to an overall average listening experience."))
(3.0, (u'B000001AA2', u"Mood setting love music seems to be the purpose of this CD. Ollie Woodson's lead on &quot;I've Grown Accustomed To Her Face&quot;, is awesome; no slacking in the backing on the this cut either.  Check out Otis Williams &quot;drop the groove&quot; intro to the bouncy Ron Tyson led &quot;Time After Time,&quot; which the Tempts sings as only they can.  The wistful, romantic, seductive &quot;What A Difference A Day Makes&quot; is another winner, Tyson soothing falsetto paints a picture of pure bliss. Remember Marv Johnson's &quot;I Love The Way You Love?&quot; Well, check out the Tempts version; you won't recognize the song. Otis Williams the only remaining original member and Ollie shines on the creative meshing of &quot;For Your Love/You Send Me.&quot;"))
(3.0, (u'B0000033RO', u"I got this CD because I love &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot;.  When I actually listened to it, it was pretty good (3 stars), but then again nothing can compare with the 1939 MGM classic. Be prepared though, this isn't exactly the same as the 1939 movie.  It has Jewel singing &quot;Over The Rainbow&quot; and the first couple of times that you listen to it, you might say &quot;what made me get this??&quot; Once you get over that though, it is pretty good.  By the way, they have this on video, if you didn't get to see it on VH1.  (with LOTS of commercials)"))
(3.0, (u'B0000047JH', u"&quot;In Loving Memory&quot; was a special recording of gospel songs by Motown artists, and created in memory of Mrs. Loucye Wakefield, a relative of Berry Gordy's.  Harvey Fuqua (formerly of the Moonglows and the Spinners) produced the LP.  Long sought after by collectors, the LP is best known for including Marvin Gaye's finest recorded moment:  &quot;His Eye is on the Sparrow.&quot;  This is an absolute gospel classic, and I've yet to hear anyone do &quot;Sparrow&quot; better than Marvin (except perhaps Mahalia Jackson).  Marvin sounds like Sam Cooke as he wrenches every emotion from this gospel chestnut.Gladys Knight and the Pips do an excellent rendition of &quot;Just a Closer Walk with Thee,&quot; but after that, there's really not anything else worth  listening to on this collection.  If every song was of the same high quality of these two recordings, the CD would deserve 5 stars; the rest of the tracks collectively drag it down to 3 stars.Why?  All the other groups represented sound like each other, and the syrupy overarranged backdrops to these remaining tracks would have killed any originality anyway.  Buy this CD for the Gaye and Knight tracks, and disregard the other songs."))
(3.0, (u'B0000062WB', u"Gordon Lightfoot's newest album has within it eerie traces of the great work he has done in the past.  Yet the album is not great--good yes, but not great.  As it does with so many of us, age is catching up with the master troubadore.  The title song has echos of a great number of his hits.  It will be one of  the cuts on this album which will last.  Probably the best song is &quot;ringneck loon&quot; which combines Lightfoot's best minstralcy with his off-beat humor.  To those of us who have loved his work over decades, this will be a pleasant listen and a gentle reminder of what once was."))
(3.0, (u'B00000295Q', u'Many fans of Front 242 were surprised by this disc,  primarily becauses it is the first to feature female vocals on a 242 project.  Originally designed to be released with UPEVIL as a two-disc set,  it was delayed at least in America until after the Lollapalooza tour.  Many of the tracks are variations on the UPEVIL cd:  Melt(again), Junkdrome (remix of Crapage),  etc.  Highlights include the aforementioned Melt(again),  the Animal mixes,  and Modern Angel,  which was later remixed by KMFDM.  Overall,  style and production are above average,  but it is not necessarily the best disc to serve as an introduction to the group!'))
(3.0, (u'B000007Q9S', u"First of all, everyone should be aware that this is NOT a Fleetwood Mac album. It is an album of recordings by one-time Mac bassist Bob Brunning which features Mick Fleetwood as well as original Mac guitarists Peter Green and Danny Kirwan.Bob Brunning was the original bassist in Fleetwood Mac, a post he held for only a few months. Mick Fleetwood wanted John McVie for the group, but McVie, then a member of John Mayall's Bluesbreakers, initially declined Fleetwood's entreaties to quit that group and join the nascent Fleetwood Mac. After three or four months, McVie changed his mind and accepted the offer, thus pushing Brunning out of the group.Brunning formed his own outfit, the Brunning Sunflower Blues Band, and following three albums with that ensemble, he formed a new group called Tramp. The recordings on this CD come from those two groups, and not from any incarnation of Fleetwood Mac.The songs are basic late 60s British blues, and will probably be enjoyed by those who are hardcore fans of that genre. The playing is tight and disciplined and the production sparse, though the songs are somewhat pedestrian.The first six tracks on this CD are by the Brunning Sunflower Blues Band, and all six feature original Mac guitarist Peter Green, who also sings lead vocals on one song. It is to fans of Green that this CD is most likely to be of interest, for his distinctive lead guitar style is in evidence throughout.The remaining seven tracks are by the group Tramp, and all seven feature Fleetwood and Kirwan. I found these tracks to be less interesting than the ones with Peter Green, consisting mainly of run of the mill blues licks you've probably heard a thousand times if you're a fan of the genre.I would recommend this CD to Peter Green fans and Fleetwood Mac completists, but others would probably be well advised to steer clear."))
(3.0, (u'B000005J82', u"First off - this isnt a soundtrack CD. No sir. What it is, is a group of songs 'Inspired by' Escape from LA, and a collection of 3 or 4 that had 3-4 second bits in the movie.When I bought this CD - I had seen LA the day before - and all I wanted to do was listen to the theme that plays at the end when the satellites go off... that theme that just gets under your skin...But was it on the CD? No... which is VERY annoying - and since half the songs werent even in the movie... very dissapointing..."))
(3.0, (u'B000009N83', u"&quot;every while in a great once / there comes to town a show / lives up to all your funkspectations / no matter how high or low&quot;we used to have high funkspectations for prince, remember? it wasn't that long ago. but times change. just about every non-warner bros. employee is willing to cut the little guy some slack these days--i mean, admit it, you *want* the little guy to succeed. pop music needs someone like we remember him to be, someone so brilliant it's scary. but we live in times of lowered expectations. maxwell, d'angelo, erykah badu--no disrespect intended--these are the saviours of r&amp;b music? we need you, prince. where are you?i can't find a trace of him in &quot;push it up,&quot; a tedious, embarassingly wack funk/rap workout. nor does he seem to materialize in rote pseudo-jams like the title track and &quot;freaks on this side.&quot; (even the song titles make you cringe.)but isn't that him playing hide and seek with us in &quot;mad sex&quot;? and is it me, or is the gloriously and ridiculously over-the-top falsetto crooning/shreiking toward the end of &quot;until u're in my arms again&quot; remarkably reminiscent of that guy we used call prince? and i'd swear that for at least three tracks, someone is doing a spot-on impression of the man: &quot;come on,&quot; a heaven-sent time capsule from 1987; a string-soaked &quot;the one,&quot; with its passionate vocal delivery, goofy-yet-sincere lyrics, the most impressive ballad from *anyone* in quite some time to these ears; and &quot;wasted kisses,&quot; itself hidden among 40-odd tracks of silence at the back of the disc, perhaps feeling too weird, paranoid, and just plain cool to hang with the rest of its party-oriented brethren.prince? haven't seen him. but i'd swear that sometimes this new power generation band is onto something."))
(3.0, (u'B0000014X1', u"My all-time favorite movie is &quot;While You Were Sleeping&quot;, and I couldn't wait to hear the soundtrack!  Randy Edelman did a great job of capturing the feel of this movie with the whimsical music used in the film.  If you close your eyes while listening, you can picture every scene from Lucy saving Peter, to Joe Junior and Jack's discussion about &quot;leaning&quot;! The music is all straight from the film, and completely instrumental.  The only drawback is that it tends to be repetitive. If you want to hear some soft, light-hearted music while cleaning house or going to bed, this CD hits the spot, but if you are not a die-hard fan of this movie, you won't fully appreciate this soundtrack."))
(3.0, (u'B000007QDC', u"This is a very difficult album ro &quot;get into.&quot; I consider myself a major Finn fan, and I felt like crying the first time I heard it. On first listen, most of the songs are slow, dirge-like ballads, which are hard to distinguish from one another. There are few ultra-catchy songs in the vein of the &quot;Woodface&quot; or &quot;Crowded House&quot; albums. (&quot;She...Way is the exception.}  Fortunately, the songs sound better with each listen. After about six spins, I can tell the songs apart, and most of them are very good. The best are the aforementioned &quot;She will have her way&quot; and &quot;Truth.&quot; Some of the songs are very long, it seems, and others are hampered by a lack of structure, having no refrain. Still, unlike some albums, you can listen to this for months and hear something new each time. The songs are hard to get to know, but it's well worth ehe effort."))
(3.0, (u'B000007NB9', u"The CD looked promising with it's compilation of many of rap and r&amp;b's contemporary artists.  And since Babyface was involved in it to some degree, it seemed even more attractive.  However, I was a little disappointed when I listened to the entire album.  Babyface and Des'ree lead off in a great rendition of 'Fire.'  But the next six or seven or so songs quickly put me to sleep with their tiresome and repititive vocals and uninspiring music.  Things don't brighten up until SWV's 'Wanna Be Where You Are' and Erykah Badu's 'Ye Yo.'  But overall, the CD just seemed to drag on and music did not seem to match the talent of the artists, who are capable of performing much better songs."))
(3.0, (u'B000007Q6J', u"I'm a little confused at the selection of the soundtrack. LFN music is known to show emotional diversity in multitudes. I didn't feel that in this compilation. It was mostly mellow. I don't remember Nikita being very mellow in any medium. I remember tension... desperate, violent, sexual, and intellectual tension.Of course, it still sports Love Thieves, the main title, Keoki and Morphine.  But where are Garbage, Sarah McLachlan, the Philosopher Kings and other tunes people associate LFN with? This is something I think is important for consideration when making a soundtrack. People buy the music more often because they like the show.Overall, I liked the CD. But I think it could have been better.In addition, the picture looks real hazy on the front cover...like the sucker was pulled right of the internet. That's a quality issue that makes me question the thought processes of its creators."))
(3.0, (u'B000001EVD', u"when the led-zepplin box set was released, it was a huge moment, because what jimmy page did was to remaster songs that truly needed it, and he did a fantastic job.  he had obviously learned much since many of the songs were recorded 10-20 years earlier.  it was great to have this boxset because with new technologies in speaker design and digital playback, the original recordings really showed their age.  what rush has done is remixed many songs that don't need to be remixed.  when i listen to the songs on retro II i really can't find any superior quality than what is present on the originals.  has that much happened from a technology standpoint since &quot;force ten?&quot;  retro I makes some progress on many of their older recordings but it is still not comparable to the led remasters. perhaps they should have hired jimmy page.  purchase the retro albums if you meet the following requirements: 1. you have a superior $4000+ stereo system  2. you have listened to these songs in their original state, hundreds of times over  3. you know what remastering means, and what to listen for."))
(3.0, (u'B000006354', u"The newest Jesus Lizard album &quot;Blue&quot; (continuing their tradition of giving all of their albums four-letter titles) is currently drawing mixed reviews from critics and fans. Personally, I enjoyed it. Granted, it doesn't have the unparalelled raw edge of their earlier albums (most notably &quot;Liar&quot; and &quot;Goat&quot;), but it is instead  more ambitious. &quot;And Then The Rain&quot; is a suble yet painful song about personal tragedy entering people's lives. &quot;Soft Damage&quot; is at once disturbing and intriguing. However, the swift &quot;Coldwater&quot; and steady &quot;I Can Learn&quot; hold up to the high standards of straightforward rock they have set. I hold the belief that The Jesus Lizard is currenly the best live band around, with shows that have to be experienced to be believed (for a live recording, check out the great &quot;Shot&quot; album). Their lyrics are cryptic and intelligent, their music well constructed (as opposed to the distortion-soaked &quot;hardcore&quot; bands that try to equal their passion), and their attitude simple: give em what they want. So I can understand when my friends say that they've lost their &quot;edge&quot;. However, I think that evolution is the nature of the beast. Although it's not their best, &quot;Blue&quot; is an ambitious album worth picking up."))
(3.0, (u'B000002GNV', u"I dig Goodbye, the new album by Dubstar. Unfortunately, that album is not the American release. It seems, due to Dubstar's first album (Disgraceful) not making it across the Atlantic, their American label thought it best to include some of those tracks on the new album (as well as some remixes). What this does, however, is break up the flow of both albums and water down the content of each one. If you're a Dubstar fan, I highly recommend acquiring the British versions of Disgraceful and Goodbye. While the US version is (I hate to admit it) a fine way to check out the band, I really do recommend buying the UK versions of both albums to get the full flavor of Dubstar's wonderful (sometimes haunting) pop. **** (4 stars) for UK/Goodbye/*** (3 stars) for US/Goodbye."))
(3.0, (u'B000000HRH', u"Strangely, this is their most desired record.  Strange, because it lacks (to this completist's ear) the passion of the earlier, hardcore, recordings.  However, this is still a vastly better metal record than 99.9% of the crap released today.  Listen to /Soulcraft/ or /Voyage Into Infinity/ and try not to bang your head.Actually, a distubing side of their righteousness is revealed on this album: a raw, knee-jerk homophobia.  It's hard to excuse, partly because their message has always been inclusive, and partly because it's so poorly expressed (&quot;Don't blow no bubbles&quot;.)  Still the greatest of the American punk bands, but this hurts."))
(3.0, (u'B000001HSE', u"As a Supertramp fan, I still can't get over the breakup of Roger Hodgson and the rest of Supertramp.  This CD is good, but because it contains several Supertramp favorites (which, by the way, seem almost rushed), doesn't put the past to rest; it simply evokes the desire for a reunion.  The new songs and inclusion of Roger's son is nice, but leaves me wanting more.  Check out the R.O.P website to hear more of the story behind it.  I hope Roger gets more music out soon.  Better yet, bury the sword with Rick Davies and see what you both could come up with again."))
(3.0, (u'B000000WA4', u"I have to admit, I bought MELLON COLLIE AND THE INFINITE SADNESS just for the song &quot;1979.&quot;  Now, I have never been into the music of the 1990s much, unless it's something new by someone older.  And I have a really hard time tolerating the crazy, textural production methods used on all of these alternative albums.  However, after listening to &quot;1979&quot; about 10 times, I decided to permit my CD player to proceed to other songs on the disc, and I was amazed.  Billy Corgan's voice can get a little irritating in its limited, whining range, but he writes some very good, beautiful songs.  He is truly a poet, and this album clearly shows his ability to write in a more unique manner about love than to say just, &quot;She's so hot&quot; and in  a less depressing manner about the problems of the world than to say just, &quot;Life sucks.&quot;  I think this is going to be one of those albums that will grow on me after repeat listenings.  One thing is certainly true, MELLON COLLIE has the honor of being that album that has finally sparked my interest in alternative music, and that is pretty noteworthy."))
(3.0, (u'B000002JAI', u"I became a big Rush fan about five years ago, and have eagerly collected all their albums, but this one left me disappointed. Everything from the lyrics to the guitar work seems like a numb 90's retread of what you would expect from Rush, rather than any kind of forward motion.In fact, the band seems to go out of its way to demonstrate the very crimes that its critics have accused it of over the years. Neil Peart's lyrics leap between being impenetrable and trivial, while Geddy Lee pulls off a strained whine that struggles to keep up with the convoluted verse. In the meantime, Alex Lifeson thuds along with an aggressive, chunky guitar sound that feels out of place in the whole affair.Rush is good enough in self-imitation mode that it's not a horrible album, but I'd rather hear them go out with a bang than a fart. For one thing, you get a better echo..."))
(3.0, (u'B000001ELP', u"Although Kiss is my all-time favorite band, Spinal Tap was my least fav. &quot;The Oath&quot; and &quot;I&quot; were your typical hard rockers written and sang well by Paul Stanley. The rest of the album had a 60's feel to it for me. &quot;A World Without Heroes&quot; was the hit written by Gene and his singing on this song was conservative compared to the normal angry Gene sound we know and love. I must say that &quot;Odyssey&quot; had to be the best song on this album, because Paul Stanley's low toned vocals were phenomonal and the musicianship was excellent. If you listen to the very beginning of &quot;Mr Blackwell&quot;, you will hear Gene Simmon's bass solo that he always plays live in concert right before he drools with blood. I am really glad Kiss decided not to go in this direction for their concurrent albums. You know, I cannot help thinking that the songs on this album should have been written in 1973 when the debut album came out and the songs off KISS should be on this album. Then, the progression would make sense."))
(3.0, (u'B000002NGS', u"Im not sure about VHIII. I wish you could bring back the past and David Lee Roth back in the group but you can't. I didn't like the album the first time I listened to it. But I like it a little bit more each time I listen to it. Its like they recorded a album and just needed a body in the group for lead singer. You can hardly understand Gary. He does sound alot like Sammy. I not sure if this is on purpose or not. Best song is FIRE IN THE HOLE. It does ROCK. Maybe the next album will be better after they have a chance to work with Gary. Remember 5150 CD.Im a die hard Van Halen Fan and I will give them a chance. I hope Ed and Gary get better with time. Van Halen fans don't give up. We all have bad days. And this album not bad. Its just not thier greatest work."))
(3.0, (u'B000003RWD', u"This EP basically combines a track from Beaumont Hannant's Sculptured with a track from Husikeque's Green Blue Fire, along with 3 new tracks. The best song on the CD, is defenitely Starburst 7 which orginates on the Green Blue Fire CD, a much better album. Textured is the track from Sculptured, which before that even was a non-vocal track on Texturology by Beaumont Hannant, the vocals do not match the song as well as they could. Promenade is a very good track on the CD, and probably would be the only reason to buy it other than starburst 7, especially if already have some other CDs that Lida Husik and Beaumont Hannant have worked with on together."))
(3.0, (u'B000006KU2', u"&quot;icepick&quot; harman serves up more of his cool brand of texas beerjoint blues, and there's tasty stuff here even though his quirky sense of humor and fondness for the odd sometimes get in the way of the truly cool. high points are &quot;night ridin' daddy&quot; with its breezy harp and harman's vocal dead on for jim morrison, and &quot;temporary blues&quot; with guest guitarist anson funderburgh trading riffs with the harman  band's twanger robby eason. if only icepick had soloed between the two six-strings here, he could have reprised butterfield blowing between bishop and bloomfield. a chance missed, but it's a great blues anyway. and  there's good doses of that cold harp on other tracks, so it doesn't really matter.  what isn't so cool is &quot;where's my thang,&quot; a 7-minute nonmusical and nonhumorous gag that has  harman evidently walking around the studio asking the musicians if they've seen his &quot;thang,&quot;  whatever that is. There's also a couple! !  of tunes with, ugh, horns, and some that just drag. a playable disc though, and i keep putting it on."))
(3.0, (u'B000000VO9', u'This is a really hot Mexican chick who winds up being involved with some very popular dancy music.  When I was a DJ in Tijuana I used to spin this stuff all the time.  I still like to listen to it when I am in the mood for some very slick, sugary euro-disco.  Superb production, but at times hard to believe because it is &quot;so well done.&quot;  Have you heard of the term &quot;over-produced?&quot;  But this is what you play when you want to get things done; like get people dancing or whatever.  Buy this for your next party.  Your guest will love you; the neighbors will hate you.  Lots of throbbing bass and sizzling trebble!  Nice.  Much more dancy for her than earlier efforts.'))
(3.0, (u'B000002O3B', u"Unfortunately, this album is not like any other Petty recording and in effect, not as good.  He strays from his normal guitar-based melodies and fills the album with what seems like an attempt at some kind of synth-rock.  A couple songs are worthy of recognition, like &quot;Runaway Trains&quot; and &quot;Jammin' Me,&quot; but overall I don't understand the direction of the album.  Perhaps his 5 year struggle with alcohol and the previous album &quot;Southern Accents&quot; left him searching for a different taste.  I don't know.  I'm just glad that he got back to his normal self for his succeding albums.  However, I must admit I do listen to the album often...call me a dedicated Petty fan."))
(3.0, (u'B000002TNF', u"Its a good collection of Dolby songs from albums that he has produced over the years, exception being that there are no songs from GOTHIC or THE GATE TO THE MIND'S EYE, both of which were produced for other intentions.  It includes songs that are not included on other albums, LEIPZIG and URGES, both of which are easily recognizable as Dolby's EARLY efforts.  Its interesting to notice the change in styles over the years that this album covers.  From the earliest hit of SHE BLINDED ME WITH SCIENCE (GAofW) to the CRUEL of his last album (A&amp;H).  Some noteables missing would be the sequel to EUROPA AND THE PIRATE TWINS (GAofW), EASTERN BLOC (A&amp;H) and KEYS TO HER FERRARI (ALIENS..BUICK).  But it is a good album to get an idea of where Dolby has come, and possibly where he is going."))
(3.0, (u'B000005LY7', u"I've liked this group since the 80s.  The sound on this LP tries to get with the grungy sound that was really big a few years up to this release.  Soda is better when they do the more euro-styled rock, which is what they are good at.  It's a good album; Zoom has a nice clip to it.  Ella uso.. is another good moment for the LP.  But it doesnt come close to the grandeur of earlier accomplishments.  What's nice is that Gustavo's voice still comes through pretty well on the project.  He has this sad detached way of singing.  I think the best is when he did the LP on his own, the Cerati LP.  A very great Argentinian band.  For those who don't know this sound, it's kind of like the Cure in Spanish."))
(3.0, (u'B000002HPY', u"I LIKE MISSY THE SONGWRITER.  I LIKE MISSY THE ARRANGER.  I  EVEN LIKE MISSY THE SINGER.  BUT I CANNOT DEAL WITH MISSY THE RAPPER.  HER LYRICS ARE SO UNINSPIRING AND SHE WASTES NO TIME TO LET US KNOW THAT SHE'S IN THIS JUST FOR THE MONEY.  THE FIRST SINGLE THE RAIN (SUPA DUPA FLY)  IS PHAT ON BEATS BUT JUST SILLY ON DELIVERY  AND AMBITION.  THE SECOND SINGLE IS PHAT BUT LIKE MANY HEAVY R&amp;B SONGS NOWADAYS COULD HAVE DONE WITHOUT THE RAP BY MY MAIN GIRL DABRAT.  I'VE ALSO NOTICED THAT IT SEEMS SHE SAVES HER BEST PRODUCTION, ETC. FOR THE REMIXES.  WHATS UP WITH THAT?!  I WANNA LIKE HER  BUT SHE MAKES IT HARD.  YOU'RE A GREAT SONGWRITER AND I WOULD LOVE TO SEE HER REALLY, REALLY CULTIVATE IT.  OH1 I  ALMOST FORGOT BEEP ME 911 IS ONE OF THE BEST SINGLES I'VE HEARD THIS YEAR!!!!!!"))
(3.0, (u'B0000026J2', u"After the phenomenal artistic success of THE BROADWAY ALBUM, the anticipation regarding this sequel disc was palpable but the result is a major disappointment not only as a follow-up but even on its own.  Since the late 80s, Streisand has chosen to overlay her exquisite voice with histrionics and overproduction, never more so than on this disc.  Tracks that should have been classic, like SOME ENCHANTED EVENING, become mere exercises in oversinging and gasping.  Even Streisand's allegiance to finding the characters behind theatre tunes become suspect in the tunes from SUNSET BOULEVARD, which she misreads as insecure, anxious pleas when in fact the Norma Desmond character displayed no such uncertainties.  Streisand would have done better to leave these to the true diva-likes of Patti LuPone and Betty Buckley, who seem to understand them much more fully.  Ironically, only the two duets, with Michael Crawford and Johnny Mathis, score points for poignance and subtlety.  Not ! ! one of Barbra's finest hours.  Perhaps THE BROADWAY ALBUM was simply too hard an act to follow."))
(3.0, (u'B000002IOB', u"A lot of people don't realize that Donna Summer really doesn't do soul music; she does Euro.  Her hits of the late 70s were produced by Giorgio Moroder who pioneered what is presently referred to as euro-disco.  It's isnt suprising that in the late 80s she would team with Stock, Aitken and Waterman to make an album; they were the epitemy of euro-dance in the late 80s.  This album is a collection of dance-pop in the style of Rick Astly and some of the songs are really nice.  I liked this CD when it was big, I don't listen to it too much now."))
(3.0, (u'B0000015UN', u"&quot;Formas de Amor&quot; is a great moody pop song, when it came out is was an obviouis copy of Ace of Base's &quot;The Sign.&quot;  It was SUCH a huge hit; it still brings good memories. This album is a commercial pop album.  No rough edges, which in itself is almost a flaw.  &quot;Regresa&quot; is a very nice subdued poppy song with a cliche mild house tempo in the back.  One can't help but smile.  Other songs are a little more crass, like the abrupt &quot;Eo Eo.&quot;  Calo keeps doing a good job of keeping up with latest styles, but never invents a style of their own...which in the end will in itself become their style (see Madonna).  This is a nice adult dance-pop LP for having a good time."))
(3.0, (u'B000003ETV', u"In 1995 EMI Svenska released Lisa Ekdahl's second CD (&quot;Lisa Ekdahl&quot;).  Coupled with her debut CD (&quot;Med kroppen mot jorden&quot;) the two albums provide an excellent source for enjoying the easy-listening but sophisticated pop in which her vocal played an important role in coloring different musical styles in some of the included songs.  Whereas her vocal was a plus on those records, on &quot;When Did You Leave Heaven&quot; it is a source of disappointment because, apparently in this genre (evergreens/jazz), her vocal lacks expressiveness (or: maturity?) and the phrasing is flat.  This, unfortunately, can be heard throughout the CD.  Lisa's accompanying trio consisted of Peter Nordahl (p.), Ronnie Gardiner (d.) and Patrik Boman (b.) is, however, very good."))
(3.0, (u'B000007UXP', u"There's a reason that David Tibet didn't rerelease this album for years--to put it bluntly, most of it sucks, but it has a kind of campy charm, though not enough to really rescue it. I'd only give it 2 stars, but there are a couple of decent or really humorous songs (&quot;My Secret Gardnener&quot; and the campy theme song), and the cheesy 80's drum machines bring a smile to this aging new waver's face. Also, the liner notes are classic, especially reading about Tibet's pick up lines of the time (&quot;Can I interest you in Death?&quot;) I wouldn't say don't get it, but you've been warned."))
(3.0, (u'6302659876', u"In this follow-up to &quot;Destination Moon&quot; producer George Pal wanted to show how, possibly, our life in space would look. He used the book THE CONQUEST OF SPACE by Willy Ley and Chesley Bonestell as his basis and created a story of the first manned expedition to Mars. While the technology is deeply rooted in the 1950's, it interesting to note that the rotating space station that figures so prominently in the first half of the film is built as a combined project of the US, UK, Germany, Japan, Russia, etc., the same as the soon-to-be-launched ISS. While the film is not nearly as good as some of Pal's other works, such as &quot;War of the Worlds&quot; or &quot;When Worlds Collide,&quot; it's still definitely worth a look.Sadly, the producers of the video decided to release the tape in the EP/SLP format, resulting in a picture that is OK, but very grainy and sometimes hard to keep on track. It does have Hi-Fi sound, which is nice and clear.  END"))
(3.0, (u'B000007QEB', u"This is one of those albums you want to excerpt for a mix tape as soon as you get it home. Partly because it has some really great songs on it (the instrumentals are almost as much fun as the oldies), but mostly because some putz thought it would be a good idea to interrupt or overlap almost every cut with bits of dialogue from the movie.Don't get me wrong, I loved the movie. It's just that I really would have liked to put this on when friends are over, or whatever, without them thinking I left the TV on. Who wants to hear even the choicest movie quotes over and over? Dean Martin's &quot;Ain't That A Kick in the Head&quot; may be the unkindest cut - the last line of the song is cut off by radio static. Was that in the movie? Nope. It seems to be amputated just to match the rest of the album.Bad idea."))
(3.0, (u'B000000CSQ', u"This is very similar to most of Real Life 's (&quot;Send Me An Angel&quot; was the new wave hit) stuff.  It is kind of poppy with a slight euro-goth edge and David Starry's breathy nazel vocals (think Neil Tennent on coccaine) on the top of it all.  &quot;God Tonight&quot; is a strong pop song similar to Camouflage or Anything Box, very late 80s synth pop just waiting for its 12&quot; dance club mix.  Another track called &quot;5-4-3-2-1&quot; is an extremely ethereal euro-pop dance song.  Very euro, good if you like that sound.  The rest of the album is more rock-oriented but still takes the gloom depechey type vibe with it.  It's one of those CDs that I have a few tracks that I listen to and I quickly skip through the others."))
(3.0, (u'B0000026UG', u"Although I will admit there was a constant artificial quality to the whole album, a sort of &quot;old band tries something new one more time&quot; the more I listened to it the more I enjoyed it. There is a funky and farreaching quality to the music of EWF that tracends time, even with this album. I will admit though that rap is often easily dated because of the change in rythm styles as this type of music develops more and more, so listening to Hammer's renditions out loud where others could here these somewhat stale sounds and simplistic rythms dated me also. Sorry to be embarrased."))
(3.0, (u'B000002HRE', u"I imagine that most Metallica fans that like Load also like Reload. The albums are similar in that both have a wide variety of music and show the band going in a number of different directions. In that sense, I respect both albums and think that the band needs to do this in order to keep themselves fresh. However, I am one of the few that loves Load and doesn't like Reload. Quite simply, I think Load has the better songs. It's only natural: the guys write a bunch of songs. They pick the best ones for Load. Then they come back, thinking there might be some good ones leftover. There are, but they're a bit picked over. This is ok stuff, and would be A list material from other bands. From Metallica, this is B list material. I believe that they should have sat down and written some new songs. The new directions are interesting, and given the band's sometimes intolerant core constituency, even courageous, but the songs just aren't there this time around. Don't give me fuel, o! r give me fire, give me that which I desire: some new material!"))
(3.0, (u'B000001B2Z', u'&quot;The Complete Sun Singles Volume 3&quot; is the third of six CD sets which collect all the single masters ("A" and "B" sides) released under Sam C. Phillips\' Sun and Phillips International record labels. Sun fans should hear every volume in the collection; there\'s no better way to follow the rise and fall of Phillips\' recordings. But for anyone familiar with the handful of Sun/Phillips International hits like "Blue Suede Shoes," "I Walk The Line," "Great Balls of Fire," and "Raunchy," and an interest in hearing more, only a few of the volumes are essential listening.Volume 3 is the last (and weakest) of the essential sets in the collection. It covers the best years of Sun\'s popular Rock and Roll (1957-1959), when Sun\'s influence gave way to its acceptance of the trends it set only a year earlier, and the raw, minimalistic sound that defined Sun\'s Golden Era gives way to the overdubbed Gene Lowery Singers. Phillips had turned over many production responsibilities!  to Jack Clement and Bill Justis, and the result was a softer, more commercial sound in Sun\'s releases. However, those changes had little effect on the power of Jerry Lee Lewis, whose best chart-topping singles, along with more solid Rockabilly from Billy Riley, Sonny Burgess and Warren Smith, and a lot of Johnny Cash, are included in the set.The nature of &quot;The Complete Sun Singles Collection&quot; says it all: if it was released under the Sun or Phillips International label, it will be on one of the collection\'s six volumes. With that sort of criteria, the listener can expect to hear some songs which would otherwise have no place on any collection, as well as others which ought to appear more frequently. Volume 3 contains the most forgettable Sun single, "Winnie The Parakeet," and a handful of rather weak attempts at pop chart success. But with the driving power of The Killer\'s Pumping Piano and tracks like Billy Riley\'s "Baby Please Don\'t Go," Sonny Burgess\' "Itchy,"!  Warren Smith\'s "Got Love If You Want It" and Johnny Cash\'s!  "Big River," &quot;The Complete Sun Singles Collection Volume 3&quot; still proves a rewarding listen for Sun fans and casual listeners alike.'))
(3.0, (u'B000002C4J', u'This album has a lot of potential for greatness.  When I heard the opening track, &quot;The Reason,&quot; I instantly knew that I had made a good purchase.  Overall, I still feel that it is a worthy album, but there are a few tracks which really seem out of place.  &quot;Treat Her Like a Lady&quot; is completely out of sync with her normal style.  Also, &quot;Tell Him&quot; and &quot;I Hate You Then I Love You,&quot; both duets, the former with Barbra Streisand and the latter with Luciano Pavarotti, simply do not blend well. All three have very strong voices, and they simply do not blend well together.  I leave it to you to decide for yourself, though.'))
(3.0, (u'B0000025VN', u"This album is all over the place, and for that reason misses the mark.  A number of the punkish songs seem to be afterthoughts that were never even finished, and should have been left in the studio.  Y.O.Y.O.Y., a very sappy ballad is an example of one of the bands ill-advised realeases, that while it may show a little move on the charts, adds to the public perception that the band lacks depth and songwriting ability.  As a result, a few excellent efforts were lost in the mess. A small hit, &quot;I Can't Take It&quot; is one of the bands most unusual, and talented songwriting efforts (attempt to play it yourself and see), and has an addictive, dreamy and hypnotic sound.  &quot;Borderline&quot; is a lost gem, and I would rank it in my top 5 favorites by Cheap Trick.  It is filled with the same tremendous rhythmic guitar work as found in &quot;Can't Take It&quot;, filled with clever bridges that culminate in a guitar solo that can only be described as &quot;beautiful&quot! ;, and constitutes some of Robin Zander's most challenging vocal work ever, from the beginning to the very end.  &quot;Heaven's Falling&quot;, though predictable, is a very pleasant pop song.  Carlos as always, provides Cheap Trick's signature steady, driving and leading drum work, which is solid even on the numerous &quot;half songs&quot; on this scattered effort. This is likely one of the records that critics refer to as &quot;Cheap Trick's 10 years of bad albums&quot;  My advice?  Give it a listen, and like most of Cheap Trick's albums, you'll find yourself liking something about it for years to come."))
(3.0, (u'B00000267K', u"This album is right up your alley.  Out of character for Cheap Trick, this album contains none of Neilson's typical, raw sounding guitar work, nor Carlos's blue collar drumming. All the songs have a synthesized, new wavish style, and lack depth.  Zander seems intent on delivering almost too-syrupy, yet skilled vocals throughout.  The songs are light, and lacking in bass guitar as well.  The songs seem to be patterned after some of their soundtrack hits such as Top Gun's &quot;Mighty Wings&quot;, and Heavy Metal's &quot;Reach Out&quot;.  Even though this album could be a disappointment to Cheap Trick loyalists, many pop lovers would enjoy the catchy &quot;It's Only Love&quot; and &quot;Kiss Me Red&quot;, and find themselves smiling while listening to songs like &quot;Rearview Mirror Romance&quot;  I feel this album is a far cry better than other music of this type from bands like Duran Duran and Ultravox, and is a worthwhile album."))
(3.0, (u'B00000271W', u"attempt to recreate the commercial success of the prior &quot;Lap of Luxury&quot; album.  Sadly, it fell short in that regard as well.  Obviously, Rick Neilson's songwriting abilities were held hostage somewhere, while the bands strings were pulled by Top 40 hungry executives.  Compounding the problem, was the initial release of the horrid &quot;Can't Stop Falling Into Love&quot;, one of Cheap Trick's weakest songs ever.  This song may have at the time, single handedly destroyed Cheap Trick's commercial foothold with new, younger listeners.  The title track &quot;Busted&quot; is a silly, incomprehensible bit of fluff.  If you're looking for mediocre, predictable mellow pop ballads, &quot;Wherever Would I Be&quot;, &quot;If You Need Me, and Walk Away&quot; will fill the bill.  &quot;When You Need Somone&quot; is the most worthwhile of these tear jerkers.  On the brighter side, &quot;Back 'N Blue&quot; is an excellent &quot;top 5&quot; sounding song, and though repetitive! , &quot;Can't Understand It&quot; is fun and energetic.  All in All, Zander does his best to make this material work, but the rest of the band's talents are wasted - though Nielson shows his ability to play pleasing acoustic, classical style guitar.  This album is much too restricted and repressed for lifelong Cheap Trick fan's, but would definitely please young teenage girls, and I mean that in all sincerity."))
(3.0, (u'0783226853', u"Altough this film has a plausible and entertaining storyline, it is a whimsical and naive tale of intrigue for the modern viewer.  The story deals with a plot by French political terrorists who are so inept at assasination that they must hire a &quot;professional&quot; killer from Britain to do their work. Action scenes are blissfuly innocent by today's standards, with the villain dispatching people with one &quot;judo chop&quot; or trying to use a single shot .22 magnum rifle as an assasination weapon. As a background for the much more plausible and exciting remake (&quot;The Jackal&quot; with Bruce Willis and Richard Gere) it is an interesting historical study.  END"))
(3.0, (u'B000000550', u"&quot;Much Afraid&quot; sold so well, because it followed their terrific debut, but fans disappointed by this album may be less likely to buy a third. Jars of Clay's original c.d. will endure as one of Christian music's landmark events.  From beginning to end, the sound on that album is unique, fresh, and invigorating, and the lyrics are compelling. I can't say the same about this sophomore project.  I think this album is intended to have more valleys than peaks, because it has such a somber quality. I consider &quot;Frail,&quot; &quot;Much Afraid,&quot; and &quot;Hymn&quot; the best songs on the album.  Just when I begin to enjoy &quot;Overjoyed,&quot; the song is finished. &quot;Tea and Sympathy&quot; and &quot;Five Candles&quot; make no sense to me. I'm bothered by the apparent implication that &quot;everything is relative&quot; in &quot;Fade to Grey&quot;, because its not true and it contradicts the message sent by the songs on their first album, especially &quot;Li! quid,&quot; &quot;World's Apart,&quot; and &quot;Blind&quot; that each demonstrate our absolute need for Christ. Having owned this album for six months now, I'm much more likely to listen to their first album. In interviews, Jars of Clay said that they weren't going to try to live up to their first album, because that would be impossible.  Well, nothing is impossible with Christ.  While &quot;Much Afraid&quot; does not live up to the expectations set by their debut, it does demonstrate their musical creativity and lyrical genius.  I have no doubt that they will be able to keep and fully utilize the platform erected for them by their first album in years to come.  I'll give them one more shot before writing them off."))
(3.0, (u'B000001ELN', u"Ace is a poor vocalist at best.  His lyrics are dreadful, but his musicianship is enjoyable.  I'd like to see what Paul or Gene might have done with the music to Two Sides of A Coin or Talk To Me.  Torpedo Girl is by far the biggest mistake KISS ever recorded.  It's a joke, it's weak and although I've always applauded KISS for their experimentation THE BEACH BOYS is going to far!  I especially enjoy Easy As It Seems and Naked City.  Nostalgia adds an extra star to my rating of this CD.  It's one of KISS' lowest points, but can be a fun listen."))
(3.0, (u'B000002NGS', u"I'm not going to bash the new singer - I'm going to bash the entire album.  The whole album sounds like one big musical experiment.  Don't get me wrong, I like when bands push the musical envelope with one or two songs on an album.  Experimenting with every song, however,is a bit much for me.  Unfortunately, the new singer is taking much of the blame for ultimate outcome of the album.  Gary Charone is no slouch.  Just listen to Extreme's &quot;Pornograffiti.&quot;  Charone is definitely a true rock singer with considerable talent.  On this album, he tries to sound like Sammy trying to sound like Dave.  It fails.  Word of advice to Mr. Charone:  Just be yourself.  Eddie gives us very little of his true expertise on this album.  Eddie is still one of the best rock guitarists of all time, but you wouldn't know it by listening to this latest effort.  There are some great albums on the market -- this isn't one of them.  If you're a Van Halen fan, wait until the next albu! m.  Eddie, Gary and the boys will figure this out eventually.  What ever happens next -- this isn't your father's Van Halen."))
(3.0, (u'B000000OQY', u'&quot;Lies is a 2 part album.  The first half was recorded in 1986 before &quot;Appetite&quot;.  The second half was recorded in 1988.  The first half is just a bunch of early GNR live thrashings. It is ok, but nothing great here.  The second half is pretty good.  &quot;I Used To Love Her, But I Had To Kill her&quot; is a darkly funny song, it is your basic GNR dark style.  There is a remake of &quot;Your Crazy&quot; off the &quot;Appetite album.  It has been slowed down.  The best song on the album is &quot;Patience&quot;.  This is a great song that makes the entire album worthwhile.  The last song on the album is &quot;One In a Million&quot;.  It is an ok song but very offensive.  This album is for die hard Guns N Roses fans only.Nate Dusek'))
(3.0, (u'B000009N83', u"When I heard that this cd. was going to be releases I was so excited. Being the biggest fan there was of Prince's I couldn't wait. When I purchased it, I was so dissappointed with what I got. And for the first time in Prince record releasing history I was ready to throw my copy away. I nearly broke down and cried cause I felt Prince had let me down. I mean I thought Come On, The One, Until Ure In My Arms Again &amp; When U Love Somebody were great songs. But the rest were just not what I expected from him after delivering the Crystal Ball/The Truth collection ( Yeah I know they were old vault songs) but they were touched up for a world-wide release and sounded like he had just went into the studio and whipped them up. I felt like he was trying to fit into today's way of making records. I'm not asking for an album that sounds like the past, but I won't settle either. And please, Prince if you read this no more raps on your tracks. You don't need that to make your music a! ccesible to the masses. Your stuff shines all by itself without all that gloss. And how about some of the rock tracks like the ones you put on the Gold album. Don't get me wrong, I still have a love jones for Prince's music, but I miss the pizzazz!!! PeaceXes Cainam"))
(3.0, (u'B000009N83', u"I must say, I had very high expectations for this album after seeing the man perform a few times, and meeting him....The New Power Generation after many face lifts seemed ready for the funk....they are, just not in studio form....NewPowerSoul has a few hidden jems worthy of it's 3 star rating.....The One, Come On (wait 4 the remix!!), and Wasted Kisses......these show the Artist in true form...but sadly, as his age is showing...what is hip in his mind, is not what the kids r diggin', dig? (note Push it Up, Freaks on this Side, Eye Like Funky Music).....The Artist will redeem himself in '99 though...hell one weak album every 5 years or so isn't bad for the most prolific artist of the century!!"))
(3.0, (u'B000002VMN', u'This CD contains a track called &quot;Last Train to Transcentral&quot; which is brilliant; everytime I hear it I get in a fierce mood.  It has a really cool vocoder sound to it and nice synth moves.  The rest of the CD is ok.  &quot;Justified and Ancient&quot; was later done with Tammy Wynette, but that version is not on this CD.  &quot;3am Eternal&quot; is a 118bpm hip-housey euro track that everyone from the early 90s will remember.  It starts out with a bunch of guns firing.  I used to work as a DJ and I could never play the intro because it sounded like a gunfight was breaking out.'))
(3.0, (u'B00000583H', u"Although I'm personally a huge fan of Entombed, I would rate this album the same as the chronology of its release, third amongst their full length releases. Unlike others, it would seem that Entombed's aggressiveness and their ability to captivate the listener has decreased with every album, starting with the classic Left Hand Path. Having said that, Wolverine Blues is still and exceptional album compared to most other bands releases of the same year. It still posesses a raw heaviness, and at parts displays the boys' exceptional musicianship. Songs like Demon, Heavens Die, Wolverine Blues, and Hollowman are all good, aggressive, catchy songs. If you like heavy groove metal, this is the album for you. If you're looking for something more earth shaking in originality and in brutality, then be sure to check out their previous two albums and hear the band that started the Swedish sound.dune666"))
(3.0, (u'B000003R7W', u"The first Tubes album of the 90s is something of a disappointment due to the fact that Fee Waybill and company seem to have forgotten one of their primary strengths, the heavy dose of humor and sarcasm they instilled in every song during the early stages of their career.  &quot;Genius of America&quot; tends to be &quot;message&quot; heavy and gets mired down in the band's attempt to sound &quot;current&quot;.  For hardcore Tubes fans (such as myself), the album is not a total wash.  Many of the tracks are strong MOR material such as the title track as well as &quot;How Can You Live with Yourself?&quot; which was co-written by Richard Marx.  This album also marks the first recording with a new lineup.  Original members Bill Spooner, Vince Welnick, and Michael Cotten are absent from &quot;Genius of America&quot;."))
(3.0, (u'B000002HD2', u"This is a cover album where Huey Lewis and the News pay tribute to the real fathers of rock and roll, and they do a great job. Apparently they used nothing but instruments used &quot;in the good old days&quot;: no synthesizers, no drum machines, etc. It is just good ol' rock and roll. The best songs are the 2 singles, &quot;(She's) Some Kind of Wonderful&quot; &amp; &quot;But It's Alright,&quot; the semi-acapella &quot;Little Bitty Pretty One,&quot; and the bluesy &quot;Going Down Slow.&quot; Given that, it is less than what you'd expect from Huey Lewis and the News. The second half of the album is a bit slow - the songs are much better in concert. Besides that, it is a  great collection of classics and a super tribute to the great ones."))
(3.0, (u'B00000264Y', u"While you really can't knock these songs, BJ's best songs are not on this double album. Yes, they are his &quot;hits&quot; but not his best. For example, if you look at the &quot;Turnstyles&quot; album (one of his best albums), and you see songs like &quot;Miami 2017 (Seen the Light Go Out on Broadway,&quot; &quot;Angry Young Man&quot; and &quot;Summer, Highlind Falls,&quot; you have to be confused why &quot;Say Goodbye to Hollywood&quot; was chosen. Unfortunately, these are mostly overplayed songs that do get boring. The exceptions are &quot;Captain Jack&quot; and &quot;Scenes... Resturaunt&quot; which were added to the Greatest Hits CD version. If you want to see BJ's best songs, instead of buying this double CD, get &quot;Songs in the Attic&quot; and either &quot;Turnstyles&quot; or &quot;Glass Houses.&quot;"))
(3.0, (u'B000000OYN', u"SAINTS AND SINNERS is a good hard rock album. In the early eighties, Whitesnake was gradually changing from a typical british group of the seventies to a more american sounding arena rock act. If READY 'N'WILLING (recorded in 79/80) represented the best conceived and mature work of the &quot;Old Whitesnake&quot; phase and SLIDE IT IN (83)the best of the new approach, then SAINTS AND SINNERS(82) is an intermediary attempt, with median results.The guys were very professional, part of the elite of the hard rock scene of the time. David Coverdale(vc), Cozy Powell(dr), Neil Murray(b), Jon Lord (kb)(much more discret than in Deep Purple, but always good) and the simple and efficient guitars of Micky Moody and Mel Galley. And they delivered some good rock music!&quot;Crying In the Rain&quot; and &quot;Here We Go Again&quot; are strong songs. They would later reappear in the pop-metal classic album of 1987, but the original versions, if not so flamboyant, sound more hones! t. Instead of the ultra-fast metal solo of 1987'&quot;Crying...&quot; there's a sparse, echo-enhanced bluesy guitar screaming over a cool groove. In my opinion, the highlight of the album!The opening with &quot;Young Blood&quot; and &quot;Rough And Ready&quot; really rocks, the band delivering powerful music and the lyrics with their &quot;I'm gonna make you mine&quot; confident and cocky attitude being exactly what sexist, stupid, subtlety-deprived rock music was supposed to be. Great!But then you have some hard rock stereothipes (&quot;Victim Of Love&quot;) and silly rock'n'roll (&quot;Bloody Luxury&quot;)that are no memorable at all. The album goes on relying on the old formulas the band used more tastefully in previous albuns. Whitesnake was sounding louder and harder this time, but it didn't mean the songs were better.There are no slow ballads in this album, the closest thing to the romantic moments Coverdale uses to deliver is the beginning of &quot;Here I Go A! gain&quot;.A collection of rock songs that aren't unforg! ettable but if you are a Whitesnake fan then you should have it."))
(3.0, (u'B000002VRQ', u"This CD starts off good.  There's some good beats, though a little repetitive and wonderful melodies.  By the time you get to the end of the CD, if you're still awake, you might think you've heard that song already.  Perhaps you have since there's repeats of songs, just different &quot;remixes&quot; (though I can hardly tell the difference).  Or perhaps you haven't and you're just recognizing that he use the same head pounding bass at the same tempo through every song, the same octave of the piano, and the same humming girl.  I have to admit, there is a good start, but it needs a little more originality.  If you want a CD that will help you sleep, though, this is the one to get."))
(3.0, (u'B0000061CN', u"Disney has finally seen the light and ditched song-meister Menken, who can pen cute ditties but can't compose a decent score to save his life.  Goldsmith (a veteran who has composed some of the greatest film scores over the last 35 years) contributes a sweeping, majestic, and passionate score that makes all other animated Disney scores into mush.  He overwhelms the film, making the dippy songs sound even worse.  It sounds as if Disney's heart really isn't in the songs.  The tale of Mulan is told by Jerry Goldsmith.  I'd complain about there only being 32 minutes of Jerry on this album, but most of his soundtrack albums clock in at that length (due to union rules) so I'm just glad we got that much.  Five stars for the Goldsmith score, one star for the songs, for the averaged-out rating above."))
(3.0, (u'B000007RU1', u"The real controversy regarding this long-awaited box set is the fact that Peter Gabriel recently re-recorded the majority of vocals on the live performance of The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway. This begs the question: What is it that we're actually getting here? A true historical live document of a 25-year old performance? Or an unnecessarily doctored-up recording, re-sung by the original singer who is now in his 50s? It would almost make a great subject for a Nursery Chryme-era song - the ghost of Lead Singer Past reappears in the studio to sing the vocals the way he wish he could have in his younger days...if not for those gosh darn costumes. As for the rest of the box, why so much early demo material and so few outtakes, alternate versions, etc. from the classic Tresspass-Selling England By The Pound period? A sorely disappointing box set, but better than no box at all, I guess..."))
(3.0, (u'6303954588', u"Are you demented?  Do you have a sick sense of humor?  If so, you would probably really enjoy this collection of animated shorts.  I had actually attended one of the Sick and Twisted animation festivals about a year ago, and I personally enjoyed the (way) off-the-wall cartoons.  However, if you are thinking of purchasing this for younger viewers, think again.  With such shorts as &quot;Horndog&quot; and &quot;How to Make Love to a Woman&quot; or even better, &quot;Rick the Dick&quot;, you're looking at some very mature content that should really only be viewed by people old enough to not let the language bother them, but young enough to still appreciate jokes about flatulence and explicite animated sex (like me!).  Oh yes, and do be aware of the fact that there is full-frontal nudity of both men and women characters on this DVD.  Okay, that's about it.  END"))
(3.0, (u'0790733226', u"The movie was very good. It was entertaining..err for the most part (there were a few dull moments). The characters seemed realistic, though the main character was too goody goody and nice. As for the story, it had somed great parts in it but was on average just good. One thing was that I was expecting a scifi-ish  movie. This was sorta more of a melodrama that  made comments about human nature. The story was somewhat fast near the end but the ending was totally disapointing!! They don't tell you anything what so ever. Don't get me wrong. I don't want everything explained to me..in fact i hate it sometimes, but this was just..lame. Personally, it was a good movie that got undeserved raves.  END"))
(3.0, (u'B000000F0M', u"Dan Crary, best known for his work with Berline, Crary &amp; Hickman, is one of the cleanest power-pickers on today's scene, along with Tony Rice.  The vocals are OK, especially if you like baritone voices (he often plays a special long-necked Taylor that is tuned lower for his vocal range) but that's not why he's in demand in studios.  Like Doc Watson, his showpieces are fiddle tunes transposed to guitar. &quot;Bugle Call Rag&quot; and his medleys are played with dazzling speed and his trademark power runs - no tentative notes, just the pure confident hard licks at hand-blurring speed that won the national flat-picking championship.  The last track, &quot;Build me a cabin&quot; is probably the best vocal on the album, a slower gospel number that lets your heart rate return to normal..."))
(3.0, (u'B000003S0F', u"Considered the weakest of the first four King Crimson albums, Islands really has to be heard in the right context. A mind-set of warm gulf breezes, palm trees, still-water bays, sea gulls and the solitude of the ocean sets the stage for this understated, yet affecting set of songs. The colorful dayglow island art on the U.S. album cover is far more in keeping with the &quot;ambience&quot; of the music than the inappropriate star nebula photo that adorned the British cover (and the CD). Don't confuse Islands with anything Jimmy Buffett might come up with - this is a very strange, gentle, mysterious and ultimately haunting cruise that only guitarist Robert Fripp could captain. The title cut is a near-classic, but it was the rollicking Ladies Of The Road that garnered the most airplay. Islands tends to grow on you slowly, like the tide..."))
(3.0, (u'B000002O26', u"To be honest, this is my least favorite Night Ranger album.  It just doesn't click with me.  I do really like the song &quot;Goodbye&quot;, which features some wonderful 12-string guitar work from Jeff Watson.  But, for me, the album as a whole is only so so.  This album was the first Night Ranger album I got, and unfortunately because of that it took me a long time to get into Night Ranger, because I didn't give the rest of their albums a chance until recently.  On the other hand, I know there are plenty of fans who really like this album.  So, while I feel like this isn't a very good album as Night Ranger albums go, I supposed it's really a matter of personal taste.  Get this album and Big Life and you are bound to like one or the other."))
(3.0, (u'B000007SBD', u"First of all, let me point out that while the majority of my comments below are negative, for the most part I really enjoyed this album and found it to be a cut above most of the new releases I have heard this year. Maybe 3 stars is a bit harsh... I'd like to give it 3 and a half... or if I could assign a letter grade a solid B. It might even rate higher if the original OVOR wasn't there on my shelf to compare it with...  As others have noted, the album is just too crowded... I know Nanci is  using her fame to give exposure to both underappreciated current folk acts and neglected folk pioneers, but here she is trying to do too much for too many. Not only does the strategy backfire on the messy and nearly unlistenable to &quot;Desperadoes&quot;, but sometimes it works against the album and its artists on contrasting cuts as well. The key example that comes to mind is the inclusion of the Tom Russell song &quot;Canadian Whiskey&quot; and the Ian Tyson song &quot;Summer ! Wages&quot;, with Tyson singing the Russell song and Russell the duet on &quot;Wages.&quot; What becomes glaringly apparent after listening to both songs is how much Russell was influenced by Tyson as both a singer and a songwriter, and what a pale and unnecessary copy he is.  My other major quibble with the album is the inclusion of &quot;Deportee.&quot; We already had a Woody song on OVOR... and Deportee can hardly qualify as unknown, unappreciated or underdone. Given the long list of artists Nanci said she considered and had to leave off of this album, I  wish she had chosen to leave off Deportee and include something by....oh let's say the greatly underappreciated Mary McCaslin?  On the positive side, one of the great things about the original OVOR was how in introduced me to folks I was unaware of such as Ralph McTell and Buddy Mondlock. Here the new voices I will be looking up belong to John Grimauldo, Saylor White and Mickie Merkins.  All in all, a good album well!  worth owning, but no classic like the first OVOR."))
(3.0, (u'B000008UKN', u"To be honest, I HATE THE NO LIMIT STYLE OF RAP. That's why i was very skeptical at first about this album, but since i love Snoop so much I had to pick it up regardless. The way I see it, Snoop shows that he can still put out great material as evidenced by songs like 'Whatcha Gonna Do,' 'Gin and Juice II,' 'Still a G Thang,'and 'Ho's money and clout.' The biggest similarity with these tracks is that they harken back to a classic snoop style - bouncy basslines with smooth lyrics. The rest of the material is muddled with the annoying No Limit Soldier appearances by fools such as mystikal and Fiend, and much of the album suffers from lackluster, 'jiggly' beats from Beats by the Pound, who I have never really respected. So, when not caught up fully in the annoying no limit southern drawl, Snoop once again shows a lot of potential. When and if he does make another album with Dre, I'll be first in line cuz I know that he is back to form, and that combo will rock the house onc! e again. Overall, a solid but frustrating effort to listen to."))
(3.0, (u'B000007TEW', u"Vanessa Mae's long awaited &quot;new&quot; CD &quot;Storm&quot; (its been available in Europe since November of last year) is a compilation of different styles and interpretations of various musical forms.  Overall, the CD is enjoyable but so much of the material has appeared on other albums that the listener might wonder if this was put out to fulfill a contractual obligation rather than an attempt to create new material.  The &quot;Violin Player&quot; CD was such a tour de force that anything after that must be compared with it.  But Vanessa Mae's talent should allow her to create material that lives up to her promise.  I enjoyed her singing and found &quot;Bach Street Prelude&quot; &amp; &quot;Storm&quot; among the istrumentals to be especially good.  Newcomers to Vanessa Mae should first purchase &quot;The Violin Player.&quot;  Her longtime fans will settle for &quot;Storm&quot; until her next (hopefully more even) CD comes out."))
(3.0, (u'B000001FPZ', u"Bob Merrill's CARNIVAL was a charming, magical, lovely night in the musical theatre.  It was a small production, intimate and sweet, making much use of lighting to enhance mood.  MGM produced the show and album as they owned the rights to the source, their film LILI.  They produced the cast album and hoped to film the show.  It had a successful run (over 700 performances) and the flim was already cast (Robert Goulet, Yvette Mimieux and George Chakiris) when the project was shelved.  The cast album did not do the show justice.  Sound was harsh and there was much tape hiss.  The CD release mixes all of the numbers up and intersperses them with recordings of the songs by various artists, including the composer himself.  This is a very botched attempt to fill out a cast album to CD length.  It seems this show has a history of being fiddled with by folks who just don't have a clue as to what they're dealing with.  The effect is that of hanging wrecking balls on a butterfl! y."))
(3.0, (u'B000001E3D', u"No one should be surprised at a Lloyd-Weber show containing only one or two great tunes and a lot of filler; how many songs from CATS can you recall besides MEMORY?  THE MUSIC OF THE NIGHT and ALL I ASK OF YOU from PHANTOM?  These shows simply are not what Sondheim produces (half a dozen classics from WEST SIDE STORY alone).  But the songs that do click really soar in the right hands, in this case with Patti LuPone.  After hearing Glenn Close and Barbra Streisand's histrionics, fans should really just invest in this recording.  WITH ONE LOOK, the show highlight, becomes a defiant, powerful anthem to Norma Desmond's unflagging vanity but LuPone invests just enough pathos to turn it into a classic.  Only Betty Buckley seems to understand the lyric as well as LuPone.  A third cast album with Buckley would also be welcome, but her live albums will suffice for now.  LuPone still stands miles above her peer divas, as this album will attest even in its (many) dull low points."))
(3.0, (u'B000007TE8', u"Guess who's back playing the same old music for their old fans and finding new fans through some savy advertising. The BEASTIE BOYS!!!Let's be honest, if it's originality one wants, this is not the album one should buy.  The Beastie Boys' tried and true formula of blending eclectic sounds from various popular musical genres is still working.  Why is this working for them when wonder group, Boyz II Men's last album could not outshine it's first and sophomore efforts even though it was equal to both efforts? Timing is the answer. The Beastie Boys left enough space between albums that their fans missed them.  When you're feenin' for some &quot;Ill Communication&quot; but tired of playing the album, in steps &quot;Hello Nasty&quot; to save the day!  Of course, we're talking about a chart topper and hot seller especially given excellent marketing on the part of NYC's finest.The album is pleasing to Beastie fans, but not really an achievement in the field of original! ity or growth (I guess if it ain't broke, don't fix it).  Some older popular bands might take a hint from the Nasty boys... it's about basting in the success and biting when the time is right.  Let's not bash the high rollers in the cash world who spell it out clearly, the Beastie Boys might as well be rapping &quot;Make Money.&quot;But with all due respect; right on Beastie Boys, you teach the oldtimers about real comebacks and goign to the bank!"))
(3.0, (u'B000001FNX', u"Van Morrison fans will probably be absolutely delighted with 'Irish Heartbeat', it's as sensitive, if lacking a bit of soul, as anything Van has done in the 80s. But Chieftain fans will, with few exceptions, be better off elsewhere. So this one's recommended for diehard Van fans only. Others should head directly to their browser and immediately buy a copy of Van's live 2-CD set entitled &quot;It's Too Late to Stop Now&quot; -- which is a spectacular treat. Older wannabe-Vanfans should get a copy of &quot;Astral Weeks&quot;: this classic was recorded in 2 eight-hour sessions in 1969.However, those who are eyeballing &quot;Irish Heartbeat&quot; because they're interested in the current Irish music revival should head over to some of the early Chieftains CD reissues for a much more authentic, much more musically satisfying Gaelic time.Don't get me wrong, I play &quot;Irish Heartbeat&quot; at home on a regular basis, but it's a bumpy ride; neither the best of Morris! on nor the Chieftains' most sterling work."))
(3.0, (u'6304785135', u"Just so all the Spice Girls fans out there know, this is a video strictly about Geri.  It mainly deals with her &quot;glamour&quot; photos done before the Spice Girls came about.  If you are a huge Ginger fan then this is something you will want for you collection.  But for the younger viewers she in topless or with very little clothing in the majority of the pictures.  It's a good video as far as it interviews people Geri worked with in the past and they all had very good things to say about her and really liked her as a person.  I guess as they say..if you've got it, flaunt it.  More GIRL POWER to her!  END"))
(3.0, (u'B0000057C5', u"Sehnsucht is such a disappointing follow-up to herzeleid. It replaces the ferocity and rawness of the first album with trite and cheesy synthesizer hooks. Herzeleid is harder, more ominous, and sounds more genuine. Although &quot;du hast&quot; is a pretty good song (good video too), as is &quot;engel&quot; (minus the lame female back-up vocals), sehnsucht on the whole sounds a bit contrived, as if rammstein was a german depeche mode or emf trying to be scary. Also, their bass player and drummer, who were quite bad-ass in herzeleid, seem to have disappeared in sehnsucht. The cheesiness of the sound lends itself to the album art: the band members look like they were horsing around in the kitchen when they came up with their hi-larious photo idea.They were probably making german sandwiches when the lead singer said (with german accent), &quot;hey guys, let's scare americans by putting eating utensils and corn starch on our faces. hee-hee.&quot; If you have to, buy sehnsuch! t used for no more than $8. If you want something  just as cheesy but in english, buy a machines of loving grace album. BUY HERZELEID, if you haven't already."))
(3.0, (u'B000000OYZ', u"This album could have used Todd Rundgren. Like the Beatles' THE WHITE ALBUM, this sprawling 16 track cd is all over the place stylistically. This wouldn't have been a problem, but clearly producer Paul Fox wasn't able to prune the weaker material from the album. &quot;The Loving&quot;, &quot;Poor Skeleton&quot; and a handful of other Partridge songs, while melodically interesting, are weak and lyrically pedantic. Partridge is at his worst where the message is obivious and here he is at times in his worst John Lennon SOMETIME IN NEW YORK CITY imitation.Still, &quot;Garden of Earthly delights&quot;, &quot;Mayor of Simpleton&quot; and a handful of other Partridge songs would have, with two of the three Moulding tunes, have made a great 30 ep, or with a bit of padding 40 minute cd. Instead, we have a lot of songs present on the album which are, perhaps, the weakest since GO TO.Moulding's &quot;One of the Millions&quot; and transcendant &quot;King for a Day&quot; are ! among two of his best(and this cd's)compositions. Dave Gregory's arrangements on these tracks and others bring out the best of the material. Gregory also contributes some outrageous guitar parts clearly influenced by Hendrix's second album. He also contributes some nice keyboard touches and other instrumental details that make the standout tracks really special.Although this album is a bit of a let down after the nearly flawless SKYLARKING, it is, nonetheless, a very fine addition to the XTC canon. The audiophile gold cd is recommended over the Geffen/Uni pressing based on the production detail evident and a greater degree of depth to the sound. Additional, the Geffen cd suffers from a greatest degree of compression that doesn't represent the music as well as it might. A good album, but not the album to begin collecting xtc with."))
(3.0, (u'B000001FT4', u"I bought this CD when it originally came out in 1986, and was truly blown away by two tracks--the opener &quot;Black Light Trap&quot; and the third track &quot;Running On The Rocks.&quot;  The guitar work on both of those tracks continued the trend  began on their previous album, &quot;Oil &amp; Gold&quot; (which I would give 5 stars).  However, this album overall is rather uneven, and almost  attempts to find a new niche instead of expand upon one.  One rather interesting side note--two background singers, Sarah and Wendy Partridge, share a last name with Andy Partridge, the lead singer for XTC and the former band for Shriekback singer/keyboard player Barry Andrews.  Coincidence?  I don't think so.  To see what Andy Partridge REALLY thinks of Barry Andrews, watch the video for the song &quot;The Mayor Of Simpleton&quot; and watch for the scene that features &quot;Barry The Car.&quot;"))
(3.0, (u'6301959981', u"A 1972 classic movie starring a very young Michael York as a British lieutenant and a very attractive Elke Sommer as the wife of old Zeppelin designer Altschul (a Count Zeppelin/Nutty Professor  derivative). York, who has German family ties and is a family friend  of Herr Altschul's, apparently changes sides and enlists in the German  Army. For reasons unknown to him, he is whisked aboard the newest  Zeppelin for a &quot;test flight&quot;. After passing its trials, the  ship is commandeered and refueled for a raid on Scotland. With  civilians aboard, the LZ36 starts its wild ride, and York is used for  navigation during the raid. Duty to country and loyalty to friends are  tested as York tries to foil the German's nefarious plan.A very  noble effort for 1972. A passable plot with reasonably good  acting. The special effects include a nice zeppelin model (albeit a  bit blunt-nosed) flying through the clouds, a few spy basket shots,  and properly cluttered (but a bit roomy) internal catwalks. Shots of  York and the crew climbing up the exposed ladder from the control car  into the hull do convey the idea of extreme conditions in a fragile  machine.Even though it's not Oscar material, &quot;Zeppelin&quot;  IS entertaining, and certainly belongs in the collection of any LTA  fan. There aren't that many movies themed around airships, but this  one definitely wins the prize for the prettiest co-star, Elke.  END"))
(3.0, (u'B00000257V', u"Dylan has always had the annoying habit of chronicling only his less impressive tours and shows on record. We get nothing from his &quot;golden&quot; '60s period, but we get &quot;At Budokan&quot; and &quot;Dylan and the Dead.&quot; It's absurd. &quot;Hard Rain,&quot; a souvenir from the tail end of the 1975-76 Rolling Thunder Revue extravaganza, appears to fall right in line on first listen, with overblown vocals from Dylan and sloppy, willfully unattractive performances all around. But it may eventually strike you as it did me that the rearrangement of &quot;You're A Big Girl Now&quot; is actually quite heartbreakingly beautiful and full of feeling, and that the amazing take of &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; here comes across as the very definition of that phrase &quot;sound and fury.&quot; It'll never be one of my favorite Dylan albums, but &quot;Hard Rain&quot; does contain a few riveting glimpses of the raw emotion and artistic boldness Dylan is known for."))
(3.0, (u'B000002YFU', u"As a Sonny James fan I was ecastatic to find Sony music had put this out.  It's a collection of songs recorded in 1979 for the Monument label, but was never released because Monument went belly-up.  Although the great James voice of the 60's and early 70's is gone, you still have some new music to enjoy.  Several have a latin beat and I think are the best..including &quot;Pledge of Love&quot; which has the famous Sonny James &quot;lilt,&quot; and &quot;Kid Cisco,&quot; a nice peppy song.  Every Sonny James fan was probably disappointed by &quot;Lorelei&quot; which was so pretty and had some unique voice twists...then it breaks into the marching band sound!  I'd like to hear from other Sonny James fans."))
(3.0, (u'B000007TEN', u"Another very fine album.  I do however miss the the old style like Life As  A Rodeo Man'  Paint Me Back Home In Wyoming'  Those were undoubtedly  country western.  With covers of Tom Cochrane songs, songs with Jon Bon  Jovi, and songs written by Aerosmith, I just feel a little too much of the  &quot; Little Long Haired Outlaw&quot; is showing his face.  This cowboy  doesn't like that much rock 'n' roll.  Don't get me wrong, this album is  still in rotation in my CD changer, but the other four are the old Chris  LeDoux,  and in the tape deck are two Chris LeDoux albums still on The  Lucky Man Music recording Label.  Two thumbs up Chris but I miss Bareback  Jack and Strawberry Roan."))
(3.0, (u'B000000U4L', u"Sure, the songs on this album are all pretty much good. However,  considering that this was Al's FIRST Greatest Hits collection, the record  people sure left out a lot of good songs and put on a lot of crud. For  example: &quot;Addicted To Spuds&quot;(not a hit) from Polka Party instead  of the hit &quot;Christmas At Ground Zero.&quot; &quot;Yoda&quot; from Dare  To Be Stupid was not included. &quot;Lasagna,&quot; which is possibly one  of the worst songs on Even Worse, WAS included. &quot;I Love Rocky  Road,&quot; the other big song from the first album, WASN'T included. It's  just not a very good selection. Still, there are enough good songs to make  this worthwhile, and a few of the songs that were left off of this one made  it onto Greatest Hits Volume 2. Still, you'd expect them to make it onto  THIS one."))
(3.0, (u'B0000028YL', u"After Columbia's studio cast recording of PAL JOEY proved a smash hit,  record producer Goddard Lieberson produced a number of other Rodgers and  Hart shows with studio casts - Mary Martin in BABES IN ARMS, ON YOUR TOES  and this first recording of their best score THE BOYS FROM SYRACUSE.  Jack  Cassidy and Portia Nelson are acceptable but the numbers are recorded with  less pizzazz than the 1965 Off Broadway revival and with less artistry than  the 1997 reincarnation. Either of these is the first choice.  The mono  sound does not hamper this recording however - another Columbia marvel in  sound recording.  Portia Nelson's wobble may annoy (as did Hanley's in the  1965 revival)but all in all the recording is an acceptable if less than  first choice."))
(3.0, (u'B000002UDB', u"When I first listened to this record ... there wree some tracks at first that really struck out to me. The Title cut is a great rocker, Blue Jay Way is one of the best freaky cuts I have eer heard, and then there is the great bit of Lennon pcyshedelia (I am the Walrus). Strawberry Fields Forever and Penny Lane, originally cut for the immortal Sgt Pepper make their appearnce here. Fool on the Hill is a great ballad, and reveals its strenghts with each listen. WHen I first bought the record, the ones that stood out were 1, 4, 5, 6, and 8. Then 2 got better and better ... and gradually the record reveals its strenght. Its not (of course) on the same level as Sgt Pepper (but what is I ask you?), its non the less a fine record. If it was any other group, this would easily be their best record ... but considering its The Beatles, the record is good ... not great. The only track I can't stand is that insipid Hello Goodbye song. Flying is even better than this. And the cover is stupid as all get out. I have not seen the movie. The record is a good one though. It would have been a 5 ... but considering the artist, I'll give it a three."))
(3.0, (u'B0000062VK', u"Marilyn Scott's latest release, &quot;Avenues of Love&quot; presents a  balanced mix of songs to enhance almost any mood. The opening tune, which  is getting a lot of airplay is catchy and smooth. The &quot;remake&quot; of  the vocal standard &quot;The look of love&quot; is rendered in a very  listenable way that showcases Ms.Scotts style. There are a couple of tunes  that don't quite bring out her best, but that's often the case on many  CD's. Overall, I think this is a Jazz vocal CD that warrants a listen and  caters to the tastes of jazz/pop fans that enjoy some nice, easy sounds,  with a little pizzaz thrown in."))
(3.0, (u'0792151712', u"Normally I would be willing to declare any movie  with Kate Winslet the  greatest movie of all time, simply by virtue of her stunning acting  ability. However, even with Kate aboard, &quot;Titanic&quot; still doesn't  deserve, I'm afraid, all its critical and public praise.  Its positive  points: the movie is beautifully filmed, and the special effects are on a  scale of realism and scope I've never seen before. The music is pleasing,  in that epic-sweeping sort of way, and Kate Winslet does her usual  marvelous job of acting.  However, the film has some glaring flaws as  well. Now, &quot;Titanic&quot; is an epic, and the idea with these types of  movies is to sit back and become absorbed in the sweep of things, not  thinking too much about the finer points. Nonetheless, there are problems.  At the risk of disappointing legions of preteen and teenage girls  everywhere, I must report that Leonardo Dicaprio is NOT the greatest actor  in the world, and this movie proves it. Billy Zane's role as Rose's evil  fiance is far, far too one-dimensional: all he needed was a diabolical  laugh and a mustache to twirl. James Cameron's ideas about 1912 society are  also laughably black and white (rich people always bad, poor people always  happy and good), and I don't think even he could plausibly explain to me  how, after establishing that the Atlantic Ocean is at near-freezing  temperatures, Rose and Jack can splash around in that water inside the ship  for nearly 20 minutes of screen time without suffering  ill effects.  Only  a short list of flaws, but they ARE there, and ought to be borne in mind  when considering &quot;Titanic&quot;s plce in cinematic history.  END"))
(3.0, (u'B000000H41', u'Like the Elizabeth Fraser of death metal, Obituary vocalist John Tardy  belches lyrics made of inhuman growls rather than words. His vokills are  one of the few original elements of the first side of Slowly We Rot, which  for the most part is primitive, Slayeresque thrash. The band begins to pick  up momentum, and by the second side the songs become more interesting and  complex; &quot;Suffocation&quot; and &quot;Intoxication&quot; show a  variety of speed changes and interesting riffage. The albums closer  &quot;Stinkupuss&quot;, is an example of how good death metal can be when  it clicks: starting on a memorable mid-tempo riff, the song suddenly gets  fast, then much faster, finally settling into a mosh tempo groove with  Tardy howling on top of the whole thing.  My main gripe about this  album is the way the songs either abruptly stop out of nowhere, or suddenly  do a bad studio fade. There are certainly some example of dubious  production here, but overall Obituary display a heaviness and a  thrash-overkill sound that is often thrilling. Highly recommended for fans  of the genre.'))
(3.0, (u'B000001ZSL', u"I was surprised to see that this was being classified as &quot;new  age.&quot;  &quot;International&quot; would be a far better designation.  Alan Stivell is a brilliantly strange musician, but this album, like most  of his work, contains far too much driving traditionally-based music to be  stuffed into a genre replete with overly-etherial synthesizers.  Like most  of his work, it's also decidedly odd.  If you're a strict mainstream pop  fan, the non-english vocals and range of sounds will probably not be to  your taste.  If you're a severe traditionalist, the electric instruments  and odd bits of quasi-international influences may well turn you off.  If  you're in other categories, this may interest you.  One warning: if you're  an Irish speaker, Stivell's bizarre accent will likely grate on your ears;  it doesn't sound like any dialect I've ever heard (my own experience is in  I/ar Corcaigh and Du/n na nGall, but I've certainly heard Connacht people  talk and it surely doesn't sound like them).  Fortunately, he mostly sings  in other languages on this album."))
(3.0, (u'B000001ZSN', u"As with much of Alan Stivell's work, this is a decidedly odd album.  In  some tracks, this makes for brilliant listening.  In others, unfortunately,  it crashes and burns.  The most notable example is the version of  &quot;Mna/ na hE/ireann,&quot; which is not bad instrumentally but is  utterly destroyed by Stivell's act of butchery against the Irish language.  In ainm Croim!  The man's a Breton-speaker, is he not?  One would think his  sense of pan-Celtic brotherhood would lead him to at least try to not abuse  and distort another member of the family.  The same problem devastates the  track &quot;Cease Fire&quot; as well.  That said, much of the instrumental  work is brilliant.  And in &quot;Brian Boru,&quot; the one verse of  Stivell's mutilated Irish is made tolerable by Ma/ire Breatnach (IIRC)  singing a lovely setting of two verses from Caitli/n Maude's &quot;Amhra/n  Gra/ Vi/tnam,&quot; (&quot;Vietnam Lovesong&quot;) a gorgeous testament to  love in wartime.  Of course, this has almost nothing to do with the tenth  century High King of Ireland and ancestor of the Clann Ui/ Bhri/ain, but it  _is_ beautiful.  In many ways that odd juxtaposition sums up this album:  quite lovely, but it makes little sense."))
(3.0, (u'B000002MU3', u'I honestly didn\'t really care much for Monster when it was released in 1994. R.E.M.\'s previous album, Automatic For The People, was so stunning and beautiful that I hoped that the band was going to put together Automatic II. That would have been a huge mistake, of course, and the band was smart enough to go in a different direction. R.E.M. is a rock band and, after two straight acoustic-based albums, they wanted to rock again.I had a couple of problems with Monster. First, 1994 was the height of grunge and the first time I heard Monster, I thought they were jumping on the musical bandwagon and that bothered me. I was wrong, of course, because R.E.M. had put out big rock albums before (see Reckoning, Lifes Rich Pageant, Document) but those albums were loud, bright and upbeat. Monster is definitely loud and raucous but also pretty dense and murky. And some of Michael Stipe\'s "characters" on this album are downright creepy.Second, I think Monster suffers from a lack of musical diversity, which has been something of an R.E.M. trademark. Document was a pretty scathing rock record, but it also had something as beautiful and mysterious as "King of Birds." Monster is all rock, and only has a few musical curveballs -- the soulful "Strange Currencies" (which, curiously, sounds a little like "Everybody Hurts" if you listen closely enough) and the slinky "Tongue," where Stipe dons a Bono-esque falsetto. "Let Me In" is the emotional highlight of the album but even it is guitar-heavy, although understandably so since it is a tribute to the late, great Kurt Cobain.Listening to the album today, though, I think I was a little hard on Monster because there\'s a lot to like here. My personal favorite song on the album is "I Don\'t Sleep, I Dream" -- especially the end which builds and builds then just stops abruptly, leading right to the high octane "Star 69." "What\'s The Frequency, Kenneth?" is one of their best opening tracks. "You" is a moody and ominous closer with great psychedelic guitar flourishes. I\'ve always liked "Bang and Blame," even though it always reminds me of O.J. Simpson. "I Took Your Name" is kind of creepy but it sounds great. There really is a lot to like here.Monster is a pretty good album and it sold really well, but it just isn\'t one of their better albums. I think their next album, New Adventures In Hi-Fi, was a much better effort (and one of their best) because it combined the rock sound from Monster with the acoustic sound from Automatic. Monster, unfortunately, just doesn\'t have much to soften its rough edges.'))
(3.0, (u'B000008T5P', u"Recorded in 1976 at Macalester College, Steve Tibbetts's first album (  first released independently in 1977 on his own label ) is interesting  mostly as a harbinger of greatness to come.  It consists mostly of  multi-tracked acoustic guitars, overdubbed with pitch-shifted bells and  water sounds, and the occasional mid-70's synthesizer.  Notable mostly for  two things: the guitar solo at the end of &quot;Interlude&quot; proves that  Tibbetts was experimenting with two-handed guitar tapping years before  anyone had ever heard of Eddie Van Halen; and &quot;How Do You Like My  Buddha&quot;, where he unspools ribbons of synthesizers and uncanny  imitations of Mahavishnu over a trippy loop of tubby bass guitar and  backwards noise.  A dry run for the vastly superior YR."))
(3.0, (u'B0000062UW', u"I loved Eric Clapton's Unplugged (92) album, in fact, Tears in Heaven is  one of the song that inspired me to play guitar. With the same expectation  as I had for his &quot;Unplugged&quot; album, I bought Pilgrim. I'm both  disappointed and surprised by many of EC's unbalanced music throughout the  CD. My Father's Eye, River of Tear, and a few others was very good, but  most of the other songs are dominated by technical MIDI sound effects than  EC's playing. To me, this album sound more like a typical pop music CD  except it was produced by a seasoned artist. I think what Clapton forgot is  that people who knew his music expect the same/better of the same type of  music from him. In Pilgrim, the guitar works are real good, but they are  washed off by the programmed drum beat, MIDI effects, and other unsuitable  sounds.Eric Clapton made a big mistake in this album by forgetting who  he is and what he is. His music is what makes him unique, but if he tries  to become like everyone else (in Pilgrim) with the music style, then he's  wrong.I think Eric Clapton is great, he is a versaltile guitarist, and  his music composing, singing skill has definitely matured over the years.  He is also very good at re-inventing himself. He has music for every  generation (I'm a teenager in the 90's). But even with re-inventing  himself, he need to know where his music root is. In Pilgrim, it's really  the extra stuff that ruined EC's performance. While Pilgrim is not totally  bad,  but if you are looking for another &quot;Unplugged&quot; type, then  Pilgrim is not for you. But most of the songs are good for relaxing.I  truly wish that EC come up with another  excellent album like Unplugged."))
(3.0, (u'B000006OAU', u"This music is excellent when playing it with the film. The haunting music  really payed off during those dark times in the film, raising the  audience's awareness for the dangers that lurked ahead. But too bad it  didn't do so well on CD. Excluding &quot;Threnody In X&quot;, most of the  rest of the music is pretty uninspired, and is not set at its own pace, but  to the film's pace. &quot;Soda Pop&quot; was decent enough, but not great  enough to give this CD a score higher than a 3. I was really wishing for  more variations of The X-Files theme, but sadly it was done in only one  song. Not a bad purchase though for soundtrack collectors and X-Files fans  alike."))
(3.0, (u'B000002IZM', u"Ever since the release of the film in 1982, for reasons still unclear  (though the booklet for the OWM bootleg says it was a contractual dispute)  an official soundtrack was never released immediately, despite the end  credits showing &quot;Soundtrack available on PolyDor records and  tapes&quot;. The closest would be a bootleg cassette with terrible quality  which circulated  around Los Angeles in 1982. At last, 12 long years later  an official soundtrack was finally released to the prayer's of many  obsessed fan. This was probably promted by the private release of the  famous &quot;OWM-9301&quot; bootleg CD.I bought the official CD in the  hope that I will be able to finally listen to all of the original flawless  score used in the film. I was disppointed. But then again I really didn't  get my hopes up too much. What really annoys me about soundtracks and  whoever is involved with it is that they NEVER include every single bit of  music in the film. They only give you some of it. I have never understood  this. Here, this CD gives you less than a third of all the music used in  the film which is a big disappointment because I believe the CD would have  sold just as well (if not better) if all the music were present. I really  don't understand why they complain about bootleg CD's being made when if  they realease all the music, Blade Runner bootlegs wouldn't exist. However,  die-hard fans have to go to the extent of buying an illegal product with  bad sound quality just to hear the rest of the unreleased music. (And even  still there is some of the music still unreleased whether or not you have  the bootleg.) That's why the OWM/Gongo bootleggers have made quite a bit of  money.It was good Vangelis did put some effort into this soundtrack CD  but he put it in the wrong area. He didn't really need to re-compile them.  All the original music from his master tapes would have been perfect. While  &quot;Memories of Green&quot; is practically untouched, all the others have  either been altered or truncated in some way or another. Dialogue has also  been tagged on the start of a few songs which is an interesting idea but it  would have been better if they were kept seperate from the songs.But the  CD does have some good points, of course. The music on the CD is still  quite similar to the original, despite what I have said above. The sound  quality is perfect. And the CD is extremely easy to get, no matter where in  the world you are. The booklet has some really good art - the cover is a  close-up of the poster used to promote the director's cut. The booklet  contains a photo of Vangelis and an introduction from him. The rest  contains brilliant photos from the film including the spinner approaching  the police station, Roy Batty behind a chessboard and a shot of a spinner  approaching the Tyrell Corp. Vangels also included the new songs  &quot;Blush Response&quot;, &quot;Wait For Me&quot;, &quot;Rachel's  Song&quot; and &quot;Damask Rose&quot; which I hear were intended to be  used in the film but never made the final cut. These songs are pretty  good.It's extremely unlikely that Vangelis will ever release every scrap  of music from Blade Runner to public now that he has made this soundtrack.  More likely you'll find a bad quality extremely rare bootleg CD (I  guarantee there will be a few more of them) that contains something  slightly different from the official release. Needless to say, there will  never be a Blade Runner soundtrack that will fully satisfy everyone by  containing everything. You'd probably have to be a millionaire to  personally get the original tapes, or a copy anyway.Overall, a  reasonable CD that a Blade Runner fan should definately buy. However, it  only contains less than a third of the whole score which is regretted by  many many people. So, if you want to hear the song at Taffey Lewis' bar  (which is one of my all-time favorites), for example, you'll be soarly  disappointed."))
(3.0, (u'B000002VCB', u"First things first: I'm sort of a die-hard APP fan, but knowing all of  their albums, I can only say that this is their worst one.  Granted:  'Basically, it's about women' (Alan ParsonS), and the songs' lyrics may  bring back memories in us all about relationships, love, sex etc. Be that  as it may, but what about the music ?!?  Let's see...'Lucifer' is  technically a very good track, which is known to quite a number of people.  But emotionally, this song is cold. In my eyes it fails to express feelings  and emotions. Any good song should do that,whatever these feelings and  emotions might be (sadness, excitement, grief, love, hope etc., to name but  a few). But nothing of this is expressed in this track. It is merely a  ..well.. nice piece of music which might serve as an example of Alan  Parsons' abilities as a producer, but beyond that it might only be used as  the theme song for some political TV-show (which, coincidentally, it  was).This lack of emotions is the main problem of the whole album which  appears to have been only published for commercial reasons, especially  'Don't hold back'.  There are but few exceptions:'You won't be there' is  again a very nice track, but it has a fine melody.'Winding me up'  (vocalist Chris Rainbow's first appearance on an APP album) partly has a  'baroque-like' feel to it and is cleverly arranged, combining classical  elements with progressive rock.And, of course, 'If I could change your  mind.' Singer Lesley Duncan here gives us simply the best vocal performance  of the whole album.Wrapping up: 3 acceptable out of 9  tracks is a bit  weak for someone used to the qualities of Parsons/Woolfson. After the first  3 albums, which were great, this album could't match APP's high standard at  all. Lucky for us all, APP never again released an album of such a low  quality. (Excepting perhaps 'Stereotomy', which ist't great either, but  still slightly ahead of this one.) Once you have come across any of the  other APP/AP albums, you won't listen to this one a lot."))
(3.0, (u'B000007RU1', u"I actually don't have the box of 4 cd's, I already listen to it because a  friend of mine has it, but I have an advanced cd for promotional use only I  received as I work in a radio station, I think that with this material is  enough, I only wanted to hear song like Happy The Man, I know form this  song since 1979 and I was looking forward to hear and I really love it,  also the single of Watcher of the skies a really different mix, Twilight  alehouse, and that's it it's going to happen the same when they release the  second part of the box, we everybody can hear Naminanu (b side of Abacab  12&quot;), Match of the day, inside and out, pigeons, The Day The lights  went out &amp; Vancouver B sides of Many Too Many, maybe with a 2 part box  of at least 2 Cd's it's enough"))
(3.0, (u'B000002GYS', u"Recorded at a pivotal time in Los Angeles country-tinged rock, &quot;Don't  Cry Now&quot; moves  Ronstadt a few steps away from her previous, and more  rustic, albums, and closer to the pop-edged sheen of her later mainstream  work. Although the production is muddy in places, the musicianship  throughout is stellar.  Standout tracks include the definitive cover  version of &quot;Desperado&quot; and the bar-band staple, &quot;Silver  Threads and Golden Needles.&quot;  Her covers of Neil Young's &quot; I  Believe in You&quot; and Randy Newman's &quot;Sail Away&quot;  are not  quite as incisive as one would hope, but her take on Booker T. Jones'  &quot;Everybody Loves a Winner&quot; is achingly true.  Other quality  tracks are &quot;Love Has No Pride&quot; and &quot;Don't Cry Now,&quot;  both of which play to her strengths of power and subtlety.  &quot;Heart  Like a Wheel&quot; and &quot;Hasten Down the Wind&quot; both waited around  the bend for this artist, but &quot;Don't Cry Now&quot; marks an  important  transitional point in her career."))
(3.0, (u'B0000033P1', u"Modest Mussorgsky was a drunk. He never finished the orchestral version of  his 'Pictures at an Exhibition'. He died too early for that. The work is  known for the orchestration by Maurice Ravel, and - a bit notorious - for  the adaption by Emerson, Lake and Palmer in the eraly 70's. The album is  bombastic, but sort of true (if possible at all) to the Ravel-version, with  Greg Lake, although not always at his best, delivering a fine piece of  vocal craftmanship, while Keith Emerson runs on and off to drag the latest  Moog's and what have you on to the stage. The album has its moments, but it  definitely is not a classic. And skip the encore of 'The Nutrocker'. It  will make you puke."))
(3.0, (u'B000005RPV', u"This much maligned album didn't find a place with the record buying  public, nor the critics. While, not Paul's best, this album has a number of  outstanding songs(as well as the usual clunkers).The collaborations with  Eric Stewart of 10cc fame are among the outstanding tracks. &quot;Tough on  a tight rope&quot;(originally a bonus track for cd and cassette only),  &quot;Stranglehold&quot;, &quot;Footsteps in the snow&quot; all feature  unusual melodies and, ironically enough, show a strong 10cc influence. The  production is a little too pop at times and could have used a harder sheen,  but this isn't exactly a surprise coming from McCartney, Hugh Padgham and  Eric Stewart.The Beatles references abound in the musical interlude to  &quot;Footsteps in the Snow&quot;, &quot;Angry&quot;(which harkens back to  Lennon more than McCartney--although it is refreshing to see such a blunt,  upfront song from Macca).Some of the material here also foreshadows the  work Macca did with Elvis Costello on &quot;FLOWERS IN THE DIRT&quot;.The bonus tracks are a mixed bag. &quot;Spies like us&quot; could be  nominated for a McCartney worst of compilation, while &quot;Once upon a  long ago&quot; combines sentiment with a bit of an edge--and features one  of Macca's most beautiful melodies. The production on this track, courtesy  of Phil Ramone(with a final mix by George Martin) is a little too slick.  Again, Macca's song could of benefited from a bit of roughing up to give it  a bit more character. Still, an outstanding song--despite the sometimes  daft lyrics.Altogether, a very good effort from Paul and friends. As to  why this album was trashed when released...well...it is a bit too clever at  times(damning with faint praise)..very reminescent of ...10cc!(big surprise  there!). Still, I don't think there's anything wrong with being clever in  this witless world we live in...."))
(3.0, (u'B000000MW6', u"I first stumbled onto Steve Tilston and Maggie Boyle in a used CD store in  Kansas City.  I wanted some traditional folk to expand my CD  &quot;collection&quot; (I think I had all of 10 CDs at the time).  I really  enjoyed their unique blend of Steve's songwriting and Maggie's choice of  traditional ballads with Steve's reinvention of them.  When I saw All Under  the Sun in the used bin in St. Paul, MN, I grabbed it.  It's easy on the  ears--a good sunny afternoon kind of CD.  It follows the same  formula--songs that showcase Tilston's singer/songwriter/instrumentalist  ability, interspersed with traditional ballads sung by Boyle.  Boyle also  provides some great flute throughout the album.  I wouldn't call the album  revolutionary or cutting edge, but I really enjoy it."))
(3.0, (u'B000000O9Q', u'i have never heard a band, with the exception of minor threat, which plays  every song as fast as this band does.  while they slow down to a reasonable  speed for &quot;depression&quot;, amphetamine-drenched songs like  &quot;shot out my heart&quot; more then make up for it.  if you are looking  for musical diversity and interesting song structures, forget it.  this cd  has nothing but loud, fast songs in 4/4 time.  of course, anyone who buys  this will expect that.  as fast and as monotonous (in the true sense of the  word) as the guitars are on this album, there are enough catchy riffs to  keep the listener interested.  the lyrics are all but incomprehensible.'))
(3.0, (u'B000002KHJ', u"This CD is a collection of the most soulful, mournful songs in the  PP&amp;M repertoire.  It is a glimpse into the hopelessness felt in the  60's.  As beautiful as the songs are, the vocals on most are not up to the  usual standards for this group.  &quot;Blowin in the Wind,&quot; &quot;500  Miles,&quot; &quot;Puff the Magic Dragon&quot; and especially &quot;Day is  Done&quot; are exceptional ... the rest lack pizzazz and sometimes even  miss on the harmony.  The best song, &quot;Day is Done,&quot; includes  audience participation but then fades to conclusion while the song is  building to the best track on the CD. Is worth adding to a collection, but  I wouldn't recommend it as a sample of the BEST of PP&amp;M."))
(3.0, (u'B000009EJA', u"I am eagerly awaiting the band that can mix rap and rock into a great  musical flow.  When I bought the Phunk Junkeez first album I was impressed  with there effort and I hoped that this album would push them into new  territory.  When I first listened to the new album I was disappointed to  realize they still did'nt have the flow.  I actually like the first album  better even though they are very similar.  I guess I have to put in a  Nirvana CD if I want to listen to rock and put a Kool Keith CD in if I want  rap.  I hope somebody will cross the genres, smoothly."))
(3.0, (u'B000007QQM', u"If an excellent cover of the Hendrix's Voodoo Child attracted you to this record, you will probably be disappointed as there are some nondescript pop tunes on the CD which are certainly no match to the promising beginning.  &quot;Oremi&quot; CD is balancing constantly on the very edge of unstimulating pop and unnecessarily too often slipping over.  Featured as a guest, Cassandra Wilson can hardly be noticed.  Fortunately, that was not the case with Kelly Price (with whom Angelique has a good duet on &quot;Open Your Eyes&quot;), nor with Branford Marsalis who composed &quot;Itche Koutche&quot;, a very good funk tune, and spiced it up with his soprano sax.  Even that song, however, has a 'sugary pop coating'.  Of 11 songs on the album, the title song, &quot;Give it up&quot;, &quot;Orubaba&quot;, &quot;Yaki Yaki&quot; and especially &quot;Babalao&quot; help the album to rise above average on better moments, but it's &quot;Voodoo Child&quot; and &quot;Itche Koutche&quot; that clearly illustrate that Angelique Kidjo and her team can do better.  Take &quot;Oremi&quot; as a promise of Kidjo's potential that will hopefully be better realized in future."))
(3.0, (u'B000007SBC', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Capitalizing on the semi-resurgence of popularity for  this underappreciated late-80's Boston band (following the release of last  year's greatest hits package), Elektra has compiled a collection of BBC  sessions by the band from 1988 through 1991.  Contrary to the cd's  packaging, this isn't exactly &quot;live&quot; so much as live-in-studio --  think of it as alternate versions of random tunes throughout the band's  career.  A few are among the band's best songs (&quot;Wave of  Mutilation,&quot; &quot;Is She Weird&quot;), and there are a couple  previously-unreleased songs (a noisy cover of the Beatles' goof &quot;Wild  Honey Pie&quot; among them), but most of this is definitely for fans only;  great sound, fine tunes, but not an essential part of the Pixies' catalog."))
(3.0, (u'B000009QQI', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  One of the lesser known 70's &quot;progressive&quot;  bands, the Strawbs were a folky art/rock band blending elements of Jethro  Tull, Yes, Cat Stevens, and Fairport Convention.  And while I'm not a huge  fan of any of those acts, I have to admit to getting some enjoyment out of  the Strawbs back in my art-rock phase.  As is the case with King Crimson  and Gabriel-era Genesis, recent cd reissues are causing me to go back and  revisit some old haunts.  The Strawbs aren't among the better acts of the  genre:  Dave Cousins' earthy vocals are a little too much like Cat Stevens;  the lyrics are often every bit as pretentious as one would expect from  bands of this ilk; and the band's more rock-oriented stuff is on the silly  side.  That said, you can't deny the charm and melodic beauty of some of  these songs, and a few of the selections here (&quot;Benedictus,&quot;  &quot;Down by the Sea,&quot; &quot;Heavy Disguise,&quot; and &quot;Round  and Round&quot;) are on par with some of the better art/prog rock acts.  Needless to say, the digital fix makes the stuff sound great.  It's a band  worth discovering for fans of Tull, Crimson, etc., who may've missed them  the first time around."))
(3.0, (u'B0000040LV', u"Journey from Gospel Oak' has - for quite a while - been an album that was  hard to get. Now that it has been released on CD, it is hard to imagine why  the album was such a struggle between Matthews and his record company. The  album is fine, but not too outstanding, but what came in the way was the  success of Ia(i)n's Plainsong 'In Search of Amelia Earhart', giving way to  all sorts of A&amp;R and legal trouble. By the time 'Journeys From Gospel  Oak' was released, Iain Matthews was in the States, looking for new grounds  and new ways, leaving the album as a sort hidden piece. It's a fine  offering, though, making clear that Matthews was becoming more and more  interested in American music."))
(3.0, (u'B000005HDQ', u"The first time I heard this record (a blowing session conceived with the  aim of presenting Cecil Taylor in an unusal setting), it left me puzzled;  it seemed like Taylor (whose scholar and intellectual training is always  overstressed, as if it was a good and sufficient explanation for his  radical approach to music) was playing in another musical realm than the  others - being so free he just didn't care.  But rapidly it occured to me  that yes, there is some kind of irritating heterogenity in the band's  playing, but that Jones, Garrison and Taylor sound right at ease together -  working on something good.  The trouble is : whenever Coltrane comes along,  he sounds square, like he is playing on his own, and so straightforwardly  the word boring comes to mind.  It seems an unusual thing to say about a  session leader, especially if he's one of the greatest musicians in jazz.  It becomes just a bit less disappointing when one realizes this album was  originally issued has a Cecil Taylor title.  Mildy interesting to the  Coltrane fan."))
(3.0, (u'B000001C7M', u"Predominantly focused on death and its various aspects, this album is not music for the depressed.  Lyrically, some of the songs are quite interesting; the title track explores the idea that life is merely a state preceeding death, &quot;Plea of the Aged&quot; is a cry for dignity in treating the elderly, and other songs are in a similar vein.  There is some really good music as well, as in the instrumental &quot;Attack of the Iguana&quot;, but many of the songs have the same type of sound to them which can make this a somewhat monotonous album, but it's great to put in your CD changer on shuffle.  Pretty heavy s***, and not for the faint-hearted."))
(3.0, (u'B00003OO3Q', u"Recorded shortly after the WELCOME TO THE CLUB tour, SHORT BACK 'N' SIDES  is a mixed bag for Hunter fans. There are outstanding tracks on the  album(like autobiographical &quot;Rain&quot;, &quot;Central park &amp;  West&quot;), interesting experiments(&quot;Noises&quot;, &quot;Lisa likes  rock'n' roll&quot;)as well as clear concessions to radio airplay(&quot;I  need your love&quot;).The flaw with the first disc is the production by  Mick Jones and Mick Ronson. It is doubtful that it was Ronson's idea to add  the sound effects and odd distortions on some of the tracks. While these  effects might be interesting on a Godley and Creme album, they distract  from Hunter's strengths--a strong sense of melody with intense  autobiographical(edgy)lyrics.The album isn't a complete failure. The  addition of a bonus disc of previously unreleased Hunter tracks and demos  is a treasure trove for any Hunter/Mott the Hopple fan. Many of the  undeveloped or unfinished songs should have been contenders for this  album(or the next--the awful--deleted ALL THE GOOD ONES ARE  TAKEN).Hunter is in fine voice throughout and many of these tracks are  inspired. Also included are some remixes of tracks from the original  album(for &quot;Rain&quot; and a limited amount of other songs).While  this album is a bit of a come down after YOU'RE NEVER ALONE...(in similiar  fashion to the THE HOPPLE album after the glory of MOTT), it has its charms  and is well worth owning. The nice thing about the cd age is you can always  program past the tracks you don't like and make the ultimate SHORT album."))
(3.0, (u'B00000279M', u"Why we needed another recording of KISMET is beyond me - we already have  four excellent ones (original 1953 cast, 1965 Lincoln Center revival, 1955  MGM soundtrack, 1990 British studio cast).  But for some reason Paul  Gemignani thought he could do it one better.  He failed.  Samuel Ramey is a  dull and wooden Hajj. His voice is beautiful but he can't act worth beans -  his spoken lines are embarrassingly bad with all of the emphases on the  wrong syllables.  Likewise Ruth Ann Swenson has a pretty voice but no  acting talent at all and  the two of them manage only to &quot;sing&quot;  the songs without acting them.  Jerry Hadley sounds as much like the  mysterious and foreign Caliph as Mickey Rooney might - again a good voice  but no characterization.  The score is conducted adequately but without  tension, drama or passion. The score includes dance numbers, entrance and  exit music and a song cut from the original production - MY MAGIC LAMP  (good thing it was cut).  One must say though there is one exception to  this review.  Julia Migenes' performance as Lalume is SUPERB - comically,  dramatically and vocally - she is sinuous, seductive and completely in  character throughout.  Alternately Mandy Patinkin gives a mad reading in  ZUBBEDIYA as the Marriage Merchant - a part originally ascribed to a woman.  Dom Deluise turns the menacing Wazir into comic schtick - a bad choice.  As Deluise sings out in GESTICULATE halfway through - &quot;This is  becoming a bore.&quot;  You can say that again!  This includes the first  recording of the FATE Act I Finale.  The sound is only  &quot;acceptable&quot; and not up to current standards - recorded in 1992.  The notes by Mervyn Rothstein erroneously group Alan Jay Lerner as a  composer (????) and completely neglects the first 1911 film version in his  supposedly comprehensive notes.  The only rotten apple in the KISMET  recorded history barrel."))
(3.0, (u'B000006R8K', u'No songwriter captures the atmosphere of the Southwest better than Joe  Ely, whose ""continues down the dusty road of 1996\'s "Letter to Laredo."  Chock-full of appropriate regional flourishes-accordion, Farfisa organ,  gut-string guitar-"Twistin\' in the Wind" contains some of Ely\'s best songs.  "Up on the Ridge" and the title track build with the intensity of an  oncoming storm, while "Queen of Heaven" and "It\'s a Little Like Love" ebb  and flow like the Gulf of Mexico tide. A couple of other tracks are  noteworthy: "I Will Lose My Life" is driven by an off-kilter accordion and  lap steel riffing and "Gulf Coast Blues" features a jazzy swing rhythm,  which is first for Ely. A few songs-"If I Could Teach My Chihuahua to  Sing," "Nacho Mama," "Sister Soak the Beans"-could be dismissed as  lightweight filler, but I prefer to think of them as representing the  region\'s rollicking side. While this isn\'t the killer album many Ely fans  have been hoping for (1980\'s "Live Shots" comes closest for me), it\'s still  another fine addition to his oeuvre.'))
(3.0, (u'B000002I2I', u'I have written two reviews that have been published on Amazon.com for "Morrison Hotel", one from 1998 and one from 2004.  Here they both are.  Mike London, 9-30-2012-----Review 1*** This is the worst of the six studio records by The Doors, September 1, 1998 (3 of 5 people found this review helpful)You want a bad record, this is the one to buy. The Doors lost it totally on this one. They totally submersed themselves in blues, leaving nothing of the cool psychedelia that I love about them left (save for Peace Frog and maybe Waiting for the Sun). I like some blues, but more of an average fan. I can\'t stand the fact that The Doors did basically a whole album of them. On the next record they prove they can mix psychedelia with blues, and to a very nice effect too. Why didn\'t they do that on this one, save for maybe one or two songs?Now, after that basically hostile review of this record, I confess I do rather like it. Its a rather fine selextion of good songs. It has some very nice playing. The whole record is excellent ... just not for The Doors. The Doors were cool and psychedelic and all this jazzy stuff, and they abandon it for one album instead of balancing it out like they did on L.A. Woman. Altho\' Roadhouse Blues (listening to it now) is one of my all time favorite songs by any band. Would have made one heck of a single. (I know it was released as a single. But I think they should have done it like a Beatles single ... some of the best Beatles songs aren\'t on their regular albums). Roadhouse Blues is one of The Doors finest songs, IMO. You Make Me Real ... it doesn\'t appeal to me a all. Peace Frog is one of my fav Doors songs ... and the rest is alright. If you like bluesy material, get this and L. A. Woman.The Doors records can be divided up like this ... the first two are psychedelic masterpieces. The Doors (Debut record) is one of my all time favorites. The first side has a very large amount of sentimental value to me ... the first 6 songs on that in that sequence reminds me so much of thins long past. The End is one of my all time fav songs. Strange Days is an excellent record too. The whole thing just rocks on ... especially When The Music\'s Over. Strange Days (song) is excellent too. WFTS and Soft Parade is what is generally regarded as their lackluster albums (tho\' I like both of them ... tho\' I do feel Soft Parade is a failed Sgt Pepper) To me, Waiting for the Sun has some excellent songs on it. Compared to the two previous records, it is inferior. But on its own it stands rather well. (Tho\' I do think "My Wild Love" is the worst song ever recorded by The Doors, and is defiant filler). "Five To One" is The Doors are that most disturbing socially. Then we move to The Soft Parade. Its oft the most redicculed of all their records. I rather like it, tho\' I do agree it\'s a weak set of songs. It still has a nice charm to it, and is one of my favorite 60\'s records. It sounded that they tried to make a failed Sgt Pepper (That\'s how it struck me anyway). My only complaint is that the B-Side Who Scared You didn\'t make it onto this album (which easily tops most of the album), and that the last half of the title cut gets rather redundant. Do It is kind of cool, but not much to the lyrics. (Unfortuantely, they gave an edited form of Who Scared You on the Box Set ... its missing about 45 seconds and a very important verse). Add more sounds to their line up. and their two blues albums, this and L. A. Woman, are the last stage in the surviving original line up. (The next two records they did are currently unavaiable, and have Manzarek handling the vocals. One\'s called Full Circle, other, Other Voices. How Ironic.). Go with L. A. Woman. Morrison Hotel/Hard Rock Caf&eacute; is The Doors doing straight blues, save for one or two songs, and even those have blues flavours. It is an excellent record, but I perfer to see them do psychedelia. Roadhouse Blues is one of the best songs ever written though. Very classic rock right there! L. A. Woman is The Doors at their end. (Just listen to Morrison\'s voice on that one!). At last Jimmy boy\'s boozin\' and druggy days had caught up with him and was showing on his voice. Still they turn in a fine record, showing they can balance Blues and Psychedelia all on one album. Has the classic cut Riders on the Storm, along with other tracks such as the title cut and the radio ready hit Love Her Madly. The W.A.S.P. (Texas Radio and the Big Beat) is one of the trippiest lyrics ever to come from The Doors (and that is saying a lot!), and is one of my favs. L\'America is very good too. Don\'t miss this one!(Queen of the Highway is really cool ... so is Maggie M\'Gill. Indian Summer is a nice ballad. Very Slow). Get The Doors or Strange Days ... those are the best. All in all, a pretty good record, but for who it is, makes me sad they left psychedelia for this. if taken everything into account, actually The Soft Parade or Waiting for the Sun is their worst. But honestly I like them better and think they\'re better records.....-----Review 2*** Great music, but doesn\'t have that true Doors atmosphere,June 11, 2004 (5 of 8 people found this review helpful)MORRISON HOTEL, The Doors\' fifth lp, strips away the psychedelic pretensions of their first two albums, the mediocrity of their third album, and the (largely failed) progressive rock of THE SOFT PARADE. Recorded and produced in 1970, during which country rock was taking over and singer-songwriters were just emerging, The Doors changed directions entirely, turning in a much more basic, bluesy album than their earlier work. Music like The Band and Dylan\'s country-rock albums were supplanting psychedelic music. Since The Doors were rapidly finding themselves at a musical dead end, they too took their que from their peers. Whether that is a good thing or not is up to you decide. I believe much of the reinvention was due to needing to survive artistically.While barreling through this barroom blues set, The Doors play it straight more than on any other album. While LA WOMAN followed this same basic rock-blues template, it followed enough musical and lyrical detours to make it a compelling listen. On MORRISON HOTEL, though, this basic rock and roll simply doesn\'t do much for me. Not because it\'s bad, but it\'s just not that weird, lyrically startling, and wonderfully idiosyncratic music that they had been making. Much of The Doors\' identity was put on hold here. There are a few numbers here ("Roadhouse Blues," "Waiting for the Sun," and "Peace Frog") that show The Doors can still be their wonderfully unique selves while still playing blues-rock.The rest of the songs, however, don\'t feel like Doors songs. The just feel like barroom blues rock. Overall very good blues-rock, but most of these songs don\'t have that unique Doors imprint, that very quirky song-writing style that drew me to them in the first place. Anybody could have written "You Make Me Real," "Blue Sunday," "Land Ho," and the majority of this album. But only The Doors could write something as strangely beautiful as "Peace Frog," or "Waiting for the Sun," or "Texas Radio and the Big Beat," or "Rides on the Storm." So while, oddly enough, it is a good album with some great songs (love "Queen of the Highway" and "Maggie MaGill"), it\'s my least favorite Doors album. MORRISON HOTEL\'s biggest problem is it never gets past its back-to-the-basics approach to that wonderfully weird band called The Doors.Bottom line: good basic blues rock and roll, but doesn\'t have that unique Doors atmosphere that the other five albums do. Even with THE SOFT PARADE, their weakest album, it is undeniably a Doors album filled with a very strange, quirky atmosphere. Anybody could have written bulk of MORRISON HOTEL; only The Doors could play that weird, poetic blues-rock found on LA WOMAN.'))
(3.0, (u'B0000062W1', u"The majority of the songs on this compilation are here for a good reason:  The b-52s have put out some enduring music over the years, both early  (planet claire, rock lobster) and recent hits (roam, channel z).  Therein,  however, lies the problem.  The old and new are good on their own, but  having them together on the same cd lets you realize just how far this band  has slid over the years.  Additionally, there are several tracks that just  shouldn't be here - was there really anything salvageable off of &quot;Good  Stuff&quot;?  As if that weren't bad enough, this cd contains two new  tracks, one of my pet peeves in terms of greatest hits compilations.  Thankfully, one of these tracks (Debbie) is pretty good, actually sounding  more like the &quot;true&quot; b-52s than anything they've put out in the  past 10 years or so.  I hesitantly give it three stars."))
(3.0, (u'B000002G0O', u"I am a big Suzanne Vega fan and I think a lot of her music is underrated.  Not by critics, but by the public at large.  Now, this is not a shining  example of her music as an album goes, but it does have its high points and  it would be a shame to miss this effort just because Beavis &amp; Butthead  didn't like the video for 'Blood Makes Noise'.  As a matter of fact, I  think it's speed-rap, Techno sound is kind of cool.  The song 'Rock in This  Pocket (Song of David)' is included as a live performance on the  &quot;Lilith Fair&quot; album if you'd like a taste.  'In Liverpool' is one  of her typically dark, slow songs that kind of creeps up on you and can be  hard to get out of your head.  The title track is pretty good, too.  If you  like tongue-in-cheek humor Ms. Vega's dry wit shows through on the song 'As  Girls Go', meant to be wry commentary on the male gay community without  actually offending anyone.  She's cool like that.  She has an uncanny way  of speaking her mind without ruffling many feathers.  Although she can have  a hard edge, as the song 'Luka' from her previous album &quot;Solitude  Standing&quot; will attest to.  All in all this album is good in places and  forgettable in others, but if you're a coffee-house music fan you should at  least give this one a listen.  It just might be your cup of tea (coffee?)."))
(3.0, (u'B00000AEFF', u"Doing it first with White Zombie, frontman Rob Zombie has presented  listeners with driving metal riffs and innovative tech sampling. Now with  his first &quot;solo&quot; album Zombie furthers his decent (?) into the  world of pop-horror metal. So very kitschy and campy you have to love the  over the top creature-feature stylings. But Rob Zombie does manage to  present some really progessive metal tunes (and I don't mean prog-rock).  Each track is loaded with hardcore driving riffs and supplemented by  Zombies own evil-teched vocals. &quot;Superbeast&quot;,  &quot;Dragula&quot;, and &quot;Living Dead Girl&quot; all provide adequate  spookshow themes. &quot;Demonoid Phenomenon&quot;, &quot;Spookshow  Baby&quot; with its sitar, and &quot;The Ballad of Resurrection Joe &amp;  Rosa Whore&quot; all show typical heavy metal conceits, but Zombie manages  to give each song a bit of twinge making them less than atypical metal  rants. Over all Rob Zombie hasn't broken any new ground or presented  anything contaversial. What he has done is put out a metal album that  doesn't suck, this isn't some Warped Tour psuedo-metal screaming. Perhaps  Zombie still has a chance to revitalise metal and make it a significant  musical genre again...perhaps."))
(3.0, (u'B000001EKJ', u"Cher is featured mostly in a disco mode on this 2 lp compilation from the  disco era. The production is slick and predictable, and Cher sounds like  she had to cut these lps! There is a feeling of the artist not really  making the most of her god-given contralto. There are some numbers that  deserve a listen. The hits &quot; Take Me Home&quot;, and &quot;Wasn't it  Good&quot;, are commercial stand-outs.The Bob Esty penned &quot;Shoppin' is  a real 40s' tribute and is Cher biographical too. Chers' paen to Greg  Allman, &quot;Too Far Gone&quot; is one of the few songs she ever wrote to  be featured on an albumn.It is a simple moving vocal, and probably the most  emotive cut. &quot;Hell on Wheels&quot; and &quot;Outrageous&quot; are  absolute trash, and are material noone could revive, not even the mercurial  Cher."))
(3.0, (u'B0001V69WG', u'The original Remember The Future is one of the greatest progressive rock  classics of all time, in my  humble opinion.  It happens to be my all-time,  #1 favorite, of any group.  For the rock lover, it has  everything: slow  parts, fast parts, melodic segments, soft passages, and in the best of  Nektar tradition,  hard driving parts.  Arguably, this was Nektar at their  musical pinnacle.  The caveat?  This CD was  NOT produced from the original  master copy the album was recorded from.  The group has all hopes  of  releasing  this again and should eventually.  But that should not deter the  average rock music lover  from picking this up.  Just be aware it is not  the original which was released.  It is only another flavor  of the same  great album.  If/when the original is redone, it will be worth the effort  to also obtain.'))
(3.0, (u'B000002LO7', u"Unlike the majority of their early work, Real Ramona makes you wonder if  you are listening to the fragments of two great albums, or one complete  album with an identity crisis.  This album is notorious mainly because it  is the last Muses album with Tonya Donnelly, the more pop-inclined of the  two half-sisters/founders, and more emotionally centered. Album's two  best-known songs &quot;Talking Backwards&quot; (penned by Hersh) and  &quot;Honeychain&quot; (Donnelly) couldn't further emphasize the polemic  tendencies of the group's chief songwriters.  &quot;Talking Backwards&quot;  is probably what people would call a more &quot;true Muses song&quot; with  the odd chord choices and Hersh's raw, slightly skeptical voice, and  indicating more than a hint of her ongoing struggle with bipolarity.  &quot;Honeychain&quot; conveys Donnelly's dreamier sensibilities, which  would show up in equally solid form--if only occasionally--in her work with  Belly and her new solo career.  The rest of the album doesn't necessarily  hold up as well (&quot;Them Dancing&quot; is a minor noteworthy tune), but  it is still pretty good. People interested in a great Muses album that they  can find right away could do well to find Hunkpapa (1989), in my mind the  best record they did with the key founding members still intact.  The first  album, simply titled &quot;Throwing Muses&quot; is also really good, but  don't be surprised if you find the recording a pain in the behind to find."))
(3.0, (u'B0000025W6', u"This CD set is about three and a half hours of trance music.  It's very  nice with headphones and a lot of time to kill.  The fidelity of this  recording is much better than the original soundtrack, released in the  mid-1970s.  The booklet included with the set also goes into compositional  technique, storyline, and other info about Glass and Wilson.The  drawback, of course, is that this is just the same old minimalist stuff.  It's not as interesting as some of his other work (la Belle et la Bete, for  example).  It is, however, the best minimalist stuff he's written; I think  this is because once he got tagged as a minimalist he just let things  slide."))
(3.0, (u'B000002TXT', u"Richard's songs are outstanding.  His last three efforts have all had that  classic Guitar playing and melody that reek England and class.  Pity then  that two mistakes marr this otherwise good album.  The first error was in  making this a two CD effort with acoustic numbers on one and electric on  the other.  The division is very arbitrary and helps neither disk  individually.  The second issue is the sound quality.  Again Mitchell Froom  has chewed up Richards guitar work and songs and spat them out in an  undefined sonic boom.  I LOVE RICHARD'S WORK!  But he has got to hook up  with another producer - this album just sounds bad - despite some classic  Thompson tunes - and none of it is Richards fault!"))
(3.0, (u'B000005J4A', u'Don\'t be misled as I was by the album\'s selection by Downbeat critics as the best jazz album of the year. After two listens I\'m still numb and underwhelmed--not unlike the night (felt like a year) that I attended the Grand Ole Opry, and stayed.  At least that experience came with popcorn; this one lacks not only seasoning but inspired improvisation, arresting invention, jazz spirit or swing. Apparently Frisell is intent on producing a poetic elegy, a nostalgic idyl to an era and a style that may never have been.Where\'s the heart and passion?  And if that\'s not the point, where\'s adventure, wit and playfulness?  Ranee Blakely\'s "Dues" from Robert Altman\'s "Nashville" stands out as a more soulful performance than anything on this recording, and I once heard Dizzy Gillespie make bluegrass sound progressive.  In fact, rather than demonize "bebop licks" as mutually exclusive with this music, why not give credit to the country players who can really swing and who aren\'t afraid to alienate more conservative ears?  Start out with Nashville legend Hank Garland (practically in the same company as Wes), and pick up the cooking session reissued in 2007 bringing together Roy Clark (the king of country music in the 70s) and Joe Pass (the Oscar Peterson of the guitar).  No vocals, no apologies, no pretense, no pedals or effects--just great, spirited guitarists playing up a storm, and on Hank Williams tunes at that.'))
(3.0, (u'B000007OF8', u"I've just ordered the earlier album (1954-whatever); I got this one at a  store not knowing previously that such CDs existed. These recordings are OK  -- a few of the tracks are actually good -- but on the average, this music  isn't as vibrant as the music from the first series. Two standouts:  the  end title of Godzilla vs. Destroyer quotes the old tribal music from King  Kong vs. Godzilla, which I didn't notice when I watched the movie; the  Mothra song is pretty memorable. The last track, Monster Zero March, is a  heavy-synthesizer remix of some music from the first series. It's pretty  tinny and ultimately rather cheesy.If you like the Godzilla movie music  at all, this is worth picking up. I suspect the album of music from the  first series is probably better."))
(3.0, (u'B0000021XR', u"Throughout the 80's Hunter produced only one classic(YIORTA-deleted from  with Mick Ronson) and a number of poor albums that didn't represent Ian at  his best. ALL OF THE YOUNG ONES ARE TAKEN(with the exception of the title  track)and SHORT BACK 'N' SIDES were confused sounding affairs with dated  sounding production. It was clear Hunter didn't quite know what to  do.After Ronson's death Hunter virtually retired from recording and  performing(with the exception of a couple of singles and soundtrack  contributions). So, DIRTY LAUNDRY came as something of a surprise. It  didn't start out as an Ian Hunter album at all. A number of Hunter's  friends were recording an album and asked him to participate. The album  took on a life of its own and Hunter contributed some material he had been  working on along with songs he had written for other artists.The album  is a hard rocking affair and a return to Hunter's roots. In many respects,  it suggests the return to form that would occur with the next album ARTFUL  DODGER. While this album isn't classic Hunter, it is very good and proceeds  in a workman like fashion. It was all in good fun. This disc is definitely  worthwhile for both casual and hard core Hunter/Mott fans. He hasn't  sounded like he's had this much fun in ages."))
(3.0, (u'B000005T4C', u"This CD is really not the best one of Extra Musica. We remember their  first CD: &quot;les nouveaux missiles&quot; in which Extra Musica redefined  the &quot;Soukouss' music. Everybody in Africa, from Congo ( In the Central  part of Africa) to Senegal ( in the Western part of Africa, much more in  the North) was dancing to their musica asking himself what is this  wonderful &quot;Ndobolo&quot; music band. Not later than Chrismass '97,  their second Cd: Confirmation was the reference for Ndobolo dance. Poeple  said at this time : Forget Kofi Olomide, Papa Wemba, Alain Kounkou, General  Defao, even the young and refreshing Wenge Musica ( L Paris ) for now we  have the new generation. But then comes the problem of all the young and  new groups: will of releasing CD after CD lacking preparation and having a  decreasing quality of music. Up till now Extra Musica is doing pretty good  till now and hopefully they will take their time and provide us with  another CD of high quality. Good luck Brothers We love you here in  Arlington, Tx and you know how much Cote d'Ivoire love your music."))
(3.0, (u'B000000OYK', u"This cd heralds a few choice cuts. They include &quot;We All Sleep  Alone&quot;, and &quot;Dangerous Times&quot;. Here Cher is moving and  dramatic. Her second two lps on Geffen were superior though, and &quot;Skin  Deep&quot; and &quot;Working Girl&quot;, are compositions that should never  have been selected. Cher has improved as a singer since this cd.Some will  love it for the hit &quot; I Found Someone&quot;, penned by Michael Bolton,  origional version by Laura Branigan. Cher cut the hit though.Not a bad  listen but Cher can be better.Chers first version of &quot;Bang Bang&quot;,  is much better in its' Sonny Bono Harold Battiste production. This one is  garish and hard."))
(3.0, (u'B00000082F', u'This is a strange little album, and the three star rating is probably too  high. Had half-stars been an option, I would have given it two and a half.  It is not an album to be completely dismissed, nor is it a recording I can  whole-heartedly recommend.As Melanie\'s first album, BORN TO BE is  appropriately enough a formative effort. We hear in it evidence of the many  paths her work would eventually take.  We also find early indications of  both her tremendous strengths and her occasional excesses.BORN TO BE is  also perhaps the best example of the Cabaret influences evident in much of  her early work--a quality that would largely disappear later in her career.  This is not a sun-lit Melanie harvesting organic vegetables in a field  somewhere. This is a habitue of smoke-filled bistros and cafes.The only  truly essential track is BOBO\'S PARTY.  A brilliant, dark piece of  storytelling it almost singlehandedly justifies the cost of purchase.  Tightly written, compellingly sung, it powerfully establishes Melanie\'s  ability interpret a lyric. She tells us just enough to draw us in, and  leaves out just enough to keep us intrigued. An early masterpiece.Nearly  as effective are an odd little grouping of songs. ANIMAL CRACKERS manages  to amuse and disturb. We can almost see the neurotic little glutton with  both her hands in the cookie jar feeling guilty and ecstatic all the while.  It stays with us because it\'s just so strange. IN THE HOUR is the most  vivid evocation of Piaf on the album and I\'M BACK IN TOWN suggests that  Melanie might have been just as at home in musical theater as at Woodstock.  I\'ve never been sure if Melanie meant for I REALLY LOVED HAROLD to be  funny, but it contains one of the best punchlines in popular  music.Dropping down another tier, MOMMA MOMMA is perhaps the most  ambivalent cut here. It\'s musically strong and,  recorded live on LEFTOVER  WINE, the sheer power of the vocal overwhelms any concerns about the lyric.  In this studio version, however, hearing this healthy, well-fed young woman  belabor her angst and then attempt to lay it at her mother\'s feet is just a  little too sef-indulgent to be creditable. Although widely praised, I\'ve  always found her rendition of MR. TAMBOURINE MAN a little too maudlin.  CHRISTOPHER ROBIN is a delightful children\'s song charmingly done, but it  might better have been done on...well...a children\'s album.And then  there are the rest: the songs that won\'t win over any converts and, when  played in mixed company, may seriously injure one\'s social standing . CLOSE  TO IT ALL, a favorite of some Melanie fans, is a precursor of the worst in  Melanie\'s writing. Repetitive and simplistic it reads like an excerise from  a rhyming thesaurus: "walls / halls / all and all". MERRY CHRISTMAS might  also have worked better as musical theater or a comedic bit. Perhaps the  singer is simply too good an actor in this instance. When she demands some  figgy pudding with that bratty insistence of hers, we know she means it!  It\'s not that these pieces don\'t have some eloquence, some power to move  the listener. Its just that one must be a very serious Melanie fan, indeed,  to find it .'))
(3.0, (u'B000005LC4', u"Cosmic Baby is another German trance staple I would place in a category  with Paul van Dyk. His live sets are amazing, but this disc is sadly  lacking in that area. I agree with the previous review -  &quot;Fantasia&quot; is awesome and most clubbers recognize &quot;Cosmic  Greets Florida&quot; - but the classical piano additions distract from the  underground style Cosmic is so notorious for. As I described it to friends,  it seems Cosmic chose a bad time to release an album (notably the only set  released in a USA available format out of all his stuff) to showcase his  varied artistic influences. I expected a solid trance disc and was  disappointed. If you're looking for tracks similar to the powerful  &quot;Cosmikk Trigger 1&quot;, don't look here. An awesome producer/DJ and  supreme live, but it just doesn't show on this album."))
(3.0, (u'B000002KFD', u"There is no bad album by James Taylor in the 1970s, so from there it's a  matter of how the recordings from that decade stack up against each other.  &quot;Walking Man&quot; does not have the same consistency as classic  albums like &quot;Gorilla&quot; and &quot;In the Pocket&quot; but the good  songs are great.  The title track, &quot;Daddy's Baby&quot; and  &quot;Fading Away&quot; rank up there with Taylor's best ballads, while  tunes like &quot;Aint No Song&quot; and &quot;Let It All Fall Down&quot;  have an interesting, understated melodic quality -  they're not-quite-pop  pop songs.  Things slide a little bit at the end with &quot;Hello old  Friend&quot;, &quot;Migration&quot; and &quot;The Promised Land,&quot; but  on the whole the CD still possesses that peculiar Taylor charm and intimacy  that few other artists can touch even at their best."))
(3.0, (u'B000005ZJP', u"Although the booklet notes go to great pains to point out that this is the  1943 revival version of the 1927 show (including six new songs and  retaining six of the original), nowhere does it clearly mention that this  is the soundtrack to the kinescope of a 1955 television performance of the  show.  You have to sort of piece that together from clues in the notes.  Sound is poor but the performances from Eddie Albert, Janet Blair and Boris  Karloff are fresh and the songs are well done.  This needs a fresh studio  cast recording as this is the only record of the show we have.  Worth  purchasing for fans of musical theater and Rodgers and Hart but rough going  for those who haven't grown a dedicated &quot;ear.&quot;"))
(3.0, (u'B0000069D9', u"The title of my review is an old Colombian saying which in my opinion  reflects what Gheorghiu has done in this recording and the results of it:  the undertaking of a too vast and disparate repertory, a consequent  generation of expectations and, at the end, very meager results. The only  reasons to buy this album are the Hadjidakis song, the Japanese and Korean  songs and the Poulenc song, where the listener can find something else than  mere beautiful voice. The rest is lost in an inessential and homogenous  interpretation, lacking of soul and some kind of feeling. Gheorghiu is so  worried about the right vocal techique to use in each song that, as an  outcome, she sacrifices every trace of drama and committed interpretation.  Nevertheless, the great sin of this recording is the german part. I have  never heard something so distant to a satisfying approach to Schumann,  Schubert and Strauss: one cannot sing &quot;Zueignung&quot; as if it were  Traviata's &quot;Addio del Passato&quot;. Sincerely, Ms. Gheorghiu, this is  not your repertory!"))
(3.0, (u'B000003H1A', u"This is the first legitimate reissue of the absurdly rare debut LP the  WCPAEB made for the FIFO label in the mid sixties. The band were put  together by Michael Lloyd, Shaun &amp; Danny Harris and included Bob  Markley. The latter was somewhat older than the others (30-ish) and had a  mysterious role explained in the copious liner notes. The LP probally had  fewer than a thousand pressings and was never distributed and consequently  was nearly forgotten.The group subsequently signed with Reprise where  they made their reputation with three brilliant LPs (Part One, Volume  2:Breaking Through, Voume III: A Child's Guide To Good And Evil) that are  regarded as Psychedelic landmarks. Two further LPs were made (Vol IV:  Where's My Daddy, Markley: A Group) with similar personnel, the last  credited to Bob Markley solo.In their day, however, they were written  off as Bandwagon jumpers, and it was only because of a reputation amongst  collectors in Europe that their music was re-evaluated. Word of mouth told  of a Legendary Unreleased Album, which was partly fulfilled when Raspberry  Sawfly released an album with the same title in the early 80s. Consisting  of most of the FIFI LP it also added three other tracks. Next Edsel  released a Best Of. Finally in the 90s saw the bootleg relissue of most of  their catalogue.This CD then contains all of the FIFO LP (plus the  three Legendary bonuses)and a host of other unreleased tracks. In truth the  album is a mixed bag,containing many covers plus two tracks they  subsequently re-recorded for Reprise. The sound is Garage but nevertheless  compelling. The paradox today is that the WCPAEB's rarest LP is the only  one legitimately available.If you've not heard the WCPAEB before, try to  find A Child's Guide first, but if you know them and love them then buy  this CD."))
(3.0, (u'0792151712', u"I'll give credit where credit is due, the visuals are outstanding.  However, the dialogue, the plot, and the hackneyed Romeo &amp; Juliet  styled romance really dragged this film down, ( I'd like to know what  percentage of people who &quot;love&quot; this film are teen-age  girls).This is only my opinion but I think this would have made a great  &quot;Day in the Life&quot;, or &quot;docu-drama&quot; film, with portions  of the film devoted to the various types of persons who were aboard the  ship.I just think this is the perfect example of a movie  where the  distributor is more concerned with making a quick buck, than generating a  film that could really stand the test of time.  END"))
(3.0, (u'B000007TUD', u'This collection is great way to get your feet wet in the fjords of  Scandinavian roots music.  It contains excellent tracks from some of the  leaders of the Scand folk revival, which I find every bit as exciting (and  considerably less glitzy) as the recent developments in Celtic music.  The  only critique that I can give is that it leans a bit too heavily towards  tunes in major, while much of the Scand root music is extremely dark.  That  and some of the picks are not the best from the albums they represent;  Wimme Saari should sue over his worst pieces being put on the sampler.  Still, the tracks from Vasen, Garmarna, Triakel, Swap, and Hedningarna make  it worth far more than the $3 price tag  (cheaper than food! the cover  boasts).  It is top-quality music, for the most part.  I bought five copies  to hand out to friends and relatives, and I wholly expect to purchase more.'))
(3.0, (u'B00000AFWW', u"This album was a surprise.  While it is an excellent collection of songs,  I kept waiting for the real Hole record to stand up. Throughout the album,  Courtney sings as soft and sheer as an Academy Awards gown flowing in the  breeze. Her new softness is most apparent in the song &quot;Dying&quot;  where she whispers and purrs her way through devastatingly sad lyrics.  The  single &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; is about as hard as this album gets.  She's left Seattle grunge behind and moved on to L.A. stardom and her songs  reflect this change.  You can definitely hear the influence of former  Go-Go's member Charlotte Caffey and Smashing Pumpkins front-man Billy  Corgan. Track #2 &quot;Awful&quot; is pure 1982 L.A. pop, while track #12  &quot;Petals&quot; sounds like it was nicked from a Pumpkins' lost session.  Courtney is at her most effective when releasing her anger on the world,  as in the best song on the album, &quot;Reasons to be Beautiful.&quot;  Also in that song: the line &quot;It's better to rise than fade away&quot;  which inspires a chill as it contradicts the Neil Young lyric quoted in her  husband's suicide note. It's worth the cost of the album just to hear her  sing that one line."))
(3.0, (u'B000009QRG', u"nine years after michel'le burst onto the scene proclaiming herself to be  100% woman, she's back and as &quot;nicety&quot; as ever. &quot;hung  jury&quot; has a darker, less optimistic feel than her self-titled debut  which, along with the album's use of jurisprudence, leads one to believe  michel'le's lived through at least some of what she's singing about. for  the most part, though, &quot;hung jury&quot; sounds a lot like  &quot;mo'hogany&quot; (monifah), &quot;soul of a woman&quot; (kelly price)  and &quot;reality&quot; (smooth). while michel'le has not lost her smooth  sensuality, listeners are not graced with any show-stopping wailing ala  &quot;silly love songs&quot;, &quot;if&quot; or &quot;no more lies&quot;.  we're very lucky to have michel'le, the woman, back, but i can't wait for  the return of michel'le the diva."))
(3.0, (u'B000002P6S', u"Their last studio release, IT'S HARD, like FACE DANCES before it, succeeds  on some levels, but fails on others. Most obviously lacking is , of course,  the irreplacable Keith Moon. His style was too important to The Who for his  absence to be overcome. Valiantly, however, they attempt to compensate for  his absence with songs that are superbly written and arranged, and they  make no attempt to imitate Moon's style on the drum arrangements, which was  probably the best move. Of the songs, this album has several  &quot;keepers&quot;, and a couple that probably wouldn't have made the cut  on earlier records. &quot;Eminence Front&quot; is the outstanding song, and  is considered a Who classic. &quot;Athena&quot;, a moderate hit single,  contains great visual imagery in the lyrics. &quot;One at a Time&quot;, a  virtually unknown song even to classic rock radio, is, in my opinion, one  of John Entwistle's best contributions to the Who catalog."))
(3.0, (u'B00000AFWW', u'Pop Kulcher Review:  The first thing you notice is the crystal-clear  jangly pop guitar, reminiscent of the Connells or Out of Time-era R.E.M.  Then you hear the voice-lesson-enhanced (a la Liz Phair) vocals,  reminiscent of Stevie Nicks of Sarah McLachlan.  Sell-out?  Oh, absolutely.  But it doesn\'t necessarily suck.  A few of the radio-friendly tunes (most  notably the Billy Corgan-composed title track and "Awful") are killer pop;  and a few others retain enough lyrical and vocal edginess to keep Hole at  least somewhat relevant.  But, let\'s be frank, the stunning Live Through  This was a one-time deal, helped immeasurably by the lyrical insights into  one of the central musical figures of recent times, Kurt Cobain, who killed  himself days before its release (not to mention some incredible but hard to  replicate songwriting).  That this one falls far short is no surprise; on  its own terms, there are enough reasonably good songs to make it marginally  worth owning.  But I probably would have preferred a harsh-sounding  ambitious failure to the highly polished but ultimately uninteresting disc  Courtney opted to release.  (Gotta admit, though, the video for the title  track almost makes MTV tolerable again.)'))
(3.0, (u'B000002BWS', u"Steve Vai proved with this album that his music is better when he is at  the front. Devin Townshend's singing is not bad until he screams at the top  of his lungs in such a way that would make Steven Tyler's voice a breath of  fresh air. The album is composed of moments of melodic noise, harmonic  grace, and Devin's voice...put simply, it's listenable. It is  underappreciated, but for the very reason I've mentioned: Devin. Either  way, Steve's playing is incredible as always, and the other members of the  band also shine with precision and overall good quality. Give it a try, and  try to ignore Devin's voice if possible."))
(3.0, (u'B000002UAX', u'Por ejemplo, he aqu&iacute; un &aacute;lbum sobreestimado. En los c&iacute;rculos musicales no  todo lo que se dice de &eacute;l es cierto. Que es un &aacute;lbum heterog&eacute;neo y con  temas muy variados es cierto; pero de que es el mejor &aacute;lbum de los fab four  es totalmente falso. Los Beatles se encontraban en una &eacute;poca de crisis  creativa muy grande y tuvieron que hacer esfuerzos sobrehumanos para sacar  adelante un proyecto tan grande como este disco. Para evitar discusiones y  peleas decidieron hacerlo por separado y esto se nota claramente: Ringo  tira la toalla cansado de la arrogancia de Paul y simplemente se va. Paul  completa las partes de bater&iacute;a tocando el mismo y evitando que John se  escurra por ah&iacute; con Yoko y que George meta m&aacute;s de una canci&oacute;n por lado; lo  cual estuvo bien porque Harrison solo tuvo de destacable While my Guitar  Gently weeps con un solo simple pero contundente a cargo de Eric Clapton.  John meti&oacute; a Yoko a cantar en The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill y  cuando pensamos que ya no volver&aacute; a estorbar o&iacute;mos voces al reves,  chirridos y m&uacute;sica electr&oacute;nica sin sentido mientras una voz repite number  nine...number nine... y el disco blanco de Los Beatles pierde la chance de  ser un disco enteramente notable. Para otros analistas s&iacute; lo es; ah&iacute; est&aacute;n  Back In The U.S.S.R., la parodia a los Beach Boys y la respuesta de los  Beatles al Going to U.S.A. de Chuck Berry; Dear Prudence y Lennon  explorando sus man&iacute;as y temores de infancia junto con las falsas pistas  dejadas en Glass Onion; O-bladi, O-blada con Paul celebrando la inocencia  de la vida en familia; Blackbird, formidable trabajo de Paul con su  guitarra de palo tratando de repetir el &eacute;xito de Yesterday (no lanzarla en  single fue un error garrafal de George Martin). En fin, hay bastantes temas  buenos y alguno que otro baj&oacute;n fruto de la apat&iacute;a en los estudios. No es  por ser negativo a la labor Beatle pero cuando admiramos a un grupo tenemos  que reconocer sus defectos para ver la belleza natural de sus dem&aacute;s  trabajos. Paul cobrar&iacute;a la revancha en Abbey Road y su primer trabajo  solitario McCartney. Luego vendr&iacute;a Wild Life, pero mejor no hablemos de  discos malos. &iquest;O si?'))
(3.0, (u'B000000IGO', u"The best songs on this disc are Earth Crisis, Snapcase, Warzone, Baby  Gopal and HiFi &amp; the Roadburners. Earth Crisis and Snapcase are very  aggressive, loud and in your face with their socially concious lyrics.  Snapcase's guitar parts are particularly good. Warzone is straight forward,  hard, fast and loud. Baby Gopal is more poppy hardcore, with some female  vocalists, which is a nice touch. HiFi and the Roadburners RULE! They are  like 50's greaser rock n' roll with 90's hardcore and a saxophone. Truly  original. If you like hardcore and want a somewhat diverse sampling of some  bands on  the world's premire loud music label, pick up Victory Style I and  II."))
(3.0, (u'B00000BKK4', u"This man influenced The Rolling Stones, The Beatles, The Blues Brothers  and The Kinks....If you want a dose of the real stuff  (BLUES)....&quot;Raining In My Heart&quot; is it. Although Slim Harpo  wasn't widely acclaimed as a singer, songwriter or musician by the public,  other musicians were certainly aware of him. For a number of reasons, it's  virtually impossible to properly document all of Slim &quot;James  Moore&quot; Harpo's hits, this is truly one of the best ever released.  Eventhough he died in 1970, this Blues Masters music will always be around.  When you buy this package you're in store for some great stuff!!!"))
(3.0, (u'B000007V7X', u"This CD has four tracks, and because I collect Queen music, I already had  all four before I had bought this CD.  Those of you who have the Queen  Rocks, vol. I album, don't buy this CD.  The only track on here that is new  is the Gimme The Prize remix at the end that I haven't seen appear anywhere  else.  And if you like remixes as much as I do, it isn't worth paying this  substantial amount of money for a remix.  The album has the tracks:  &quot;No-One But You (Only The Good Die Young),&quot; &quot;Princes Of The  Universe,&quot; &quot;We Will Rock You (the Rick Rubin 'Ruined'  remix),&quot; and &quot;Gimme The Prize (instrumental remix for 'The  Eye').&quot;"))
(3.0, (u'6302098548', u"This spin on the old Go-Back-in-Time-to-Visit-Myself story is engaging,  yet suffers from a lack of time or excess of plot concerns. Gig Young was  not the best choice for lead. He shows his love and sense of wonder, but  never convinces us that his real life was all that painful. These  shortcomings are suprising, since the return to the small town of your  dreams was a major theme in Rod Serling's writing.  The story implies that  we need to stay focused on our lives and not try to escape from our  problems, but does not offer a convincing argument as to why we should if  we have the option to bail out for a simpler time in the past. I still  think you should see it. It is one of 6-8 truly autobiographical TZ  episodes.  END"))
(3.0, (u'6302025079', u'This film depicts the early, tumultuous years of Catherine the Great of  Russia, before she ascended the throne.  Julia Ormond gives a fine  performance as the lovely, vulnerable but very savvy young German princess  who has been summoned to Russia by Empress Elizabeth (Vanessa Redgrave hams  it up here, and looks like she had great fun) to marry her cruel and warped  nephew Peter.  The script takes great liberties with the actual  events--Catherine was a woman of 33 when she assumed the throne, not a  teenager as the film shows, and her lover Gregory Orlov was a much more  dangerous character than the film depicts.  But it is a rousing and  enjoyable film, especially for anyone who enjoys costume dramas.  END'))
(3.0, (u'B0000028OJ', u"I commend Neil Diamond's enormously successful 30 year career, and this CD  certainly contains quite a bit of his material. However, I don't understand  why Columbia reproduced the earlier hits, such as &quot;Thank The Lord For  The Nighttime&quot; and others, in monoral. I know there are stereo  recordings available, as my Father has some of his original records from  the orange &quot;Bang Records&quot; label, and all recordings (except for  &quot;Solitary Man&quot;) were in true stereo. I say &quot;true&quot;  stereo, meaning the effect of 3 dimensional sound distribution. I'm not  refering to music in the 1960's that used to be recorded as music in one  channel, and singing in the other.My other disappointment is that there  is no indication on the front or back cover that this album contains live  recordings. I am neither a &quot;Live&quot; or a &quot;Monoral&quot; fan.  Had I known of these two issues, I would not have purchased this CD."))
(3.0, (u'B000007OJC', u"I love Regina Belle.  She is third on my list of all-time favorites.  She  is soooo talented!  Unfortunately, these songs and arrangements reek.  Too  much of the same mid-tempo, drum machine beat.  Not enough accoustic  accompaniment.  For example, the best song on the album, 'I've Had Enough',  is mid-tempo'd, when it should have been a simple slow ballad a la 'The  Whole Town's Laughing At Me' from 'Reachin Back', with maybe only a piano  and a little percussion.The lyrics of most of the songs are  unimaginative, childish even (not every line has to rhyme!).  Ms. Belle has  one of the BEST voices around today, but she needs to find worthy songs and  producers who do more than program drum beats.Listening to this album  made me want to listen to 'Reachin Back' and hear what good songs sound  like.  In fact, any of her other albums would do also.Regina, quit  trying to sound like everybody else and do your own thing and stand out!!!  You are far too talented for this material.  Your fans deserve  better.With love and affection from a longtime fan."))
(3.0, (u'B0000026IP', u"I was somewhat disappointed, because I had expected songs like from  &quot;Hounds of Love&quot;.  But I do feel that the more I listen the more  I appreciate this album.  It has many slow songs, which can be very  soothing and relaxing after a stressful day.  I have to say that this is  the kind of cd that you'd want to listen to when you have guests and need  relaxed music on the backround.  It is not nearly as expressive and  interesting as the rest of her other albums.  Over all I do enjoy it, I  have to be in a certain mood, though."))
(3.0, (u'B000001Y6N', u"A lot of people thought Trent Reznor did a better job with Lost Highway  than he did with this...maybe he did, but this is a well compiled  soundtrack. As is the case with most movies these days, the CD only has  about half the music from the movie...but who cares? This soundtrack drives  you with both pounding contravertial lyrics from classic and contemporary  music stars with some of the best lines of dialogue from the film. The  version of NIN's &quot;Something I Can Never Have&quot; is satisfying in  that it is more instrumental, but only possesses the first verse...oh well.  The soundtrack is good enough for me."))
(3.0, (u'B000002GKF', u"This is basically the first real jazz recording that Herb Alpert has done.  He surrounds himself with some great musicians, and takes some standards  and puts them in a unique arrangement with the help of Eddie Del Barrio.  Among the highlights are Lionel Hampton's title tune, and a swinging  version of &quot;A Taste Of Honey&quot;. The most interesting part of this  album is Alpert's trumpet playing. He's out there naked, and fares quite  well. He conures up images of Chet Baker and an early Miles Davis. The real  treat here is &quot;Friends&quot;, which features Stan Getz in one of his  final studio appearances. Getz and Alpert do a wonderful job on this song.  Alpert's muted trumpet is a perfect fit for the mood of this album. It's  not bebop to be sure, but it is definitely cool.Incidentally, this would  be Herb Alpert's final album for his own A&amp;M Records company, which he  and partner Jerry Moss sold a couple of years before this recording."))
(2.0, (u'0672307952', u"Although this book was a good introduction to the Visual C++ interface, the subject matter was too limited to be of any future use.  The &quot;just type this, don't worry how it works&quot; philosophy of the authors does not work well.  As a result, many users such as myself have had a hard time customizing the code for our own usage.  It would help if the authors would explain the code in more detail.However, the basics of producing good quality programs were covered well, but the architecture of Windows and event-driven programming were not covered in good detail.  I strongly believe that understanding the code is just as important as producing a program that incorporates a good user interface and that provides rich functionality.That brings me to my third point: the book concentrates too much on producing the program GUI and not enough on data handling and the refined Input-Output functions of the new MFC.  The book does not go into enough detail about the data control in a program and object hierarchies of the MFC.Overall, this book was a good introduction, but any expectations beyond that were not satisfied with the reading of this book"))
(2.0, (u'0471178411', u'The Exchange 5 Source Book written by Mann, Bracka, et al is very difficult to follow. It seems like it was written very fast by many people and pulled together at the last minute. There are many disjointed segments that are often repeated in other portions of the book. There are references throughout the book to other sections that in some cases do not even exist. Overall the book is a general overview of Exchange Server and Exchange/Outlook clients. I used the book as a background to the Microsoft course work and did find it to supplement the material somewhat. One notable well-written section is on designing and installing an Exchange system. In addition, some of the material on Internet connections was good. I would recommend waiting for some of the other Exchange 5.0 books that are scheduled for publication in the next few months'))
(2.0, (u'0672307952', u"This book attempts to solve a problem relating to Visual C++ for Win 95: how do you enable beginners and hobbists to use MFC, an incredibly complex and rich professional development system? The solution presented here involves what I like to call a &quot;click click duh duh&quot; approach, in which the reader is given a list of steps to perform, which, when completed, will result in a finished win32 application.  Does it work? yes. Is it programming? no.  I don't really believe anyone will benefit from reading this. In order to be able to use VC++, a programmer will have to be able to apply his or her knowlegde in a myriad of situations, not just be able to follow a set of written directions. Besides, the writing style, which apparently assumes the reader has the brain of a garden slug, made me want to retch"))
(2.0, (u'B0000014WR', u"While it is easy to poke fun at movie and TV actors/actresses who venture into the world of singing, it is unfair to do so without actually listening to the material they offer.  Leonard Nimoy is no Frank Sinatra in this album/CD, but none-the-less, there are a few catchy titles.  Unfortunately for Mr. Nimoy, these are primarily the instrumental tracks, but the song &quot;Highly Illogical&quot; for some strange reason compels me to listen to it over and over.  Perhaps it's some sort of Vulcan Mind Control thing, I don't know.  Anyway, it is clear that Mr. Nimoy did put a great deal of time into this production, and while it's not anywhere close to grammy material, it still represents a valiant attempt at branching out into another field; something too many of us are reluctant to attempt in our lifetimes.  &lt;You can stop the violins, now!&gt;  END"))
(2.0, (u'6303998569', u'The story focuses around four ESPers: Miya, Lamba, Rol and Pai.  They do not recollect any of their past memories, but the stories around their pasts will become evident to them as the series progresses.  Under the careful guidance of Dr. Tarsan, they create a special force which controls Dangaioh, a gigantic robot with incredible powers.The original release in Japan had three distinct episodes, each running 45 minutes long.  However, the English distributor decided to splice two out of the three episodes together and make the first episode a prologue to the rest of the movie, a good change, since the original anime did not seem to follow any logic.  The character acting for the English version made for a colorful rendition for English speakers, although the plot created did not follow the original Japanese version accurately.  However, the changes made for a better understanding of the original work and really impressed me, although I felt that its conclusion left me hanging.  Another of its drawbacks was the musical score, which reminded me of an animated version of Power Rangers.Of its positive points, the character designs were created by Shoji Kawamori and Koichi Ohata, famous for their works on such animes as M.D. Geist and Super-Dimensional Fortress Macross.  END'))
(2.0, (u'1874416206', u"This book is entirely unsuitable for beginning programmers, and difficult to read even for experienced programmers. All the information is there, even on advanced topics, but the authors write in mock-Soviet Academese. There is also no reference appendix or any way to quickly look up commands (though QBASIC itself provides that). Here are a couple of sentences from the first paragraph in the book: &quot;Statements must be written according to QBasic syntax rules. Why, for example, is the comment text in the INPUT statement enclosed in quotation marks, and the variable name placed after the comma?&quot; This is gobbly-gook to anyone who doesn't already know alot about programming in general and BASIC in particular. It gets worse from there. Do not buy this book unless you are an experienced BASIC programmer looking for advanced info on QBASIC for DOS audio and graphics programming, and don't want or need any kind of useable quick-reference to the language."))
(2.0, (u'B000002G73', u"That should be the name of this album.  Granted they have about four good songs on this album, and in this case I use the word album loosely, but the rest of the songs are pure CRAP!!  I had hoped for a better effort after I had first heard their song If You Could Only See the way She Loves me on the radio but I am GREATLY disappointed.  I won't even bother trying to sell this one to a used CD store for fear some other misguided soul may actually accidently purschase it, god only knows how this crap might damage them.  After listening to this crap I need some tonic to get over it."))
(2.0, (u'6304819927', u"Zombie is basically a cheap knock-off of the ultimately superior Dawn of the Dead, made directly after its release and even passed off in Zombie's native country of Italy as the sequel to George Romero's excellent film.  This mediocre-at-best film is the dull story of a group of people who go to a mysterious island in search of a woman's father and discover that it is overrun by vicious, man-eating zombies.  Director Lucio Fulci constantly bombards us with pointless blood and guts and the even more pointless ocassional naked woman.  He does manage to add some style, but it's lost in the lack of plot and character.  END"))
(2.0, (u'B000000OWT', u'If you heard Lisa Loeb for the first time -- sweet voice, winsome pop sensibility, heart-on-her-sleeve lyrics -- and were told she was just 17 years old, you\'d hear the songs as precocious and accomplished. You\'d be really impressed. But Loeb is a music-biz veteran, and &quot;Firecracker,&quot; her second album, should be better than it is. On repeated listening, the straightforwardly plaintive songs and shiny, uncluttered production become simplistic and predictable. It doesn\'t help that &quot;Firecracker&quot; sounds nearly identical to 1995\'s &quot;Tails&quot; (the album Loeb recorded after "Stay" became a hit); indeed, the close-up back-cover CD photo looks as though it\'s from the same shoot as the first album\'s. In publicity material and interviews, Loeb wryly laments that she remains best-known for her oversize eyeglasses, but to change that fact she\'ll have to produce music as striking as her looks. In the Fiona Apple era, when confessional songwriting cuts deeper than the nerviest Joni Mitchell revelation, Loeb all too often comes up shallow -- the fabulous &quot;I Do&quot; video notwithstanding.'))
(2.0, (u'B000006354', u"This is bad. I listened to it over and over again hoping that I was missing something, maybe it was good. Well, it's not. Don't torture yourself with this one, it's better to remember the Jesus Lizard that once was. Don't get me wrong there is some good material on here like 'Postcoital Glow' and some others, but the majority of it sounds like Van Halen meets Scratch Acid (which by all accounts sounds like it might be cool). And what the hell, you can actually understand  what David Yow is saying...something is really, really wrong here. Buy their older stuff because they used to be incredible..."))
(2.0, (u'B000002MUE', u'Like a blind date who makes you long for your ex, some bands recall their influences enough to make you crave the classic artists that inspired them. The Goo Goo Dolls\' fourth CD will bring a warm smile to anyone who misses the defunct Replacements; it\'s the next best thing to the `Mats themselves. But next best won\'t bring the Dolls immortality. Sure, the uptempo, pumped-up power pop of "A Boy Named Goo" is tightly played and well sung, with a lot of minor chords and a dark edge reminiscent of...you guessed it. ("Eyes Wide Open" might as well be right off the `Mats\' "Don\'t Tell a Soul.") But this Woodstock, N.Y., trio has assimilated its favorite albums and produced a grit-free collection totally without surprises, or much personality (even the left-field acoustic hit "Name" bores quickly). After several listens, the melodies become familiar, but the lyrics blur into meaninglessness and the guitar hooks into sameness. What\'s needed? Perhaps a shot of the post-teen angst their Seattlesque contemporaries have in abundance. As is, "A Boy Named Goo" will send most listeners back to their CD racks for...you guessed it.'))
(2.0, (u'B0000029M5', u"Here I sit before my screen hoping that my words will be more flattering to this CD, the soundtrack to Seven Years in Tibet than the above rating shows because it does have some pretty moments, such as the cello solos of Yo Yo Ma. However, unlike Philip Glass' work for Kundun, this CD seem devoid of any Tibetan references, which seems very strange to me considering that if one were to spend seven years in Tibet, or even a week, one would be hard pressed not to be exposed to and moved by the sacred chants and prayers of the Tibetan monks (the time of the story is the 40s/50s).  I guess that one of the main points of the film was to show how Mr. Harrer was not a nice man who through his Himalayan experience and his unique friendship with the 14th Dalai Lama, becomes a more aware and thoughtful person. The music does not give me any insight into this process. To me, this film's music could be that of another film loosely based in Asia. Perhaps that is because John Williams would not seem to be that familiar with Tibetan music whereas Philip Glass (with Kundun) is an appropirate choice because of his ongoing interest and commitment to Tibet and her people. I do think that it is great that two major motion pictures were made about the life of the Dalai Lama and his influence and relating to those around him. My advice is to skip the soundtrack for Seven Years in Tibet unless you are a big Yo Yo Ma fan. If you are interested in Tibetan music, try Kundun and Yungchen Lamo's Tibet, Tibet."))
(2.0, (u'0780020847', u"The previous reviewer wrote: &quot;It's a beautiful, strange film.&quot;I TOTALLY agree...it's a gem.  Unfortunately, the quality of this DVD is terrible.  You wonder if the film and DVD mastering equiment weren't discovered IN the outback covered with lizard droppings!  Not only grainy and dusty, but after the 2nd chapter the sound and picture were totally out of sync.  The lips move...the words come out 3-4 seconds later.  This is the first time I've seen the film...I can't imagine that this is what the the filmaker intended.I returned the DVD, and I suggest interested buyers wait until an &quot;all clear&quot; message has been posted here.  I'm sure all the copies are this way.Regards, Scollay  END"))
(2.0, (u'B000001EV8', u"I found it unfortunate (albeit a natural part of growing up) that Jon found it necessary to so radically alter the rock 'n' roll &quot;formula&quot; that carried him through the 80's and early 90's.  This album will strike the Bon Jovi purist as a somewhat odd, misplaced effort that does not satisfy the craving for more anthem inspired belt-em-out and sing-till-you-can't-speak style we have grown accustomed to loving.  Still, if you are a product of the mid- to late-90's movement toward a stripped down musical genre, this album will wonderfully dovetail Jon's propensity for vocal excellence with the toned-down acoustics of the current age."))
(2.0, (u'B0000025QT', u"Nearly two years after her final studio album, this live album was released.  The results are less than satisfactory as this concert recording doesn't begin to reflect how very good Olivor can be, singing live.  Having seen her concerts during this period, I can name any number of songs which were performed live but which are not reflected on this CD -- songs which far surpass a lot of the material here.  Plus the cornerstones of Olivor's concerts (Some Enchanted Evening, L'important C'est La Rose, One More Ride, etc.) are not represented.  Plus the godawful cover pictures, which SOMEone should have been fired for.  Plus it's SO short.  Plus the very harsh production (turn down the applause!).  There are highlights -- Run For the Roses, Daydreams, Stay the Night.  But the listener doesn't get any sense of how charming and funny  Jane can be or how the heartfelt genius of her voice can be represented in concert."))
(2.0, (u'B000002MU3', u"Certainly, one can hear hints of complacency in &quot;Automatic for the People.&quot; Bill Berry's respective threat to leave the band if they didn't create a true rock-n-roll album the next time out may have been justified. But this ugly mess consistently disappoints. I can just see Berry sitting behind his drum kit, nearly yawning as he taps out &quot;What's the Frequency, Kenneth?&quot; The rest of the band turns out music barely worthy of a Sonic Youth B-side (or, for that matter, a hack high-school hard-core band). Stipe's falsetto just grates and makes him sound wimpish this time out; remember when he merited comparisons to Art Garfunkel just an album ago? The album's only high points are the glamalicious &quot;Crush With Eyeliner,&quot; a song that just struts with attitude, and the first ten seconds of &quot;Let Me In,&quot; which wash over like a sonic, cathartic wave. It's a shame the rest of the song ends up merely sounding masturbatory. If this is what happened to R.E.M. when they tried to remember how to play &quot;rock-n-roll,&quot; they should have considered making this one a bootleg."))
(2.0, (u'B000002JB8', u"Undoubtedly Vangelis's most &quot;new-age&quot; album to date, &quot;Oceanic&quot; is eminently listenable, yet altogether too insipid to warrant a strong recommendation.Thinking back to some of his previous albums, I am led to the conclusion that Vangelis's strength lies largely in his ability to create simple yet brilliantly evocative melodies.  This ability was exemplified right from the beginning (witness &quot;To the Unknown Man&quot;); it continued with &quot;Chariots of Fire&quot;, &quot;Antarctica&quot;, and &quot;1492&quot; (among others), and peaked with the scintillating &quot;Direct&quot;.Unfortunately, this melodic mastery is not apparent in &quot;Oceanic&quot;.  The tunes warble in and warble out innucuously enough, but none of them have a melody line that's anything close to memorable.  The resulting experience is somewhat passive: the tunes warble in the background, or even &quot;wash over you&quot; (as one reviewer put it); but lacking a strong central theme, they don't come out and grab you as good music should.In the result, &quot;Oceanic&quot; is a somewhat disappointing work, well below the standard of Vangelis's previous material.  Those who enjoy new-age, warble-type music (and from the number of times I've used &quot;warble&quot; in this review, you can guess that a lot of warbling goes on throughout the album) may well find something of value here.  Indeed, if your tastes are _strongly_ new-age, then don't be put off in the slightest by this review.  As for me, however, &quot;Oceanic&quot; just doesn't pack enough punch."))
(2.0, (u'B000000E21', u"Though there was some nice piano music on this CD, I was very disappointed by its overall presentation.  Two things I regret not doing before I purchased this CD was 1) not blowing up the picture of the CD to read the fine print under Scottish Tranquility that reads, &quot;Piano and Orchestral Classics&quot; and 2) not having a better computer so as to try out some of the samples. Had I listened to a few beforehand, I would not have chosen this CD for my library.  True, the Tranquility part of the title is right on the mark. Music to sleep to.  But when you play Amazing Grace and the most exotic instrument you use is a harmonica or an accordian, you've *never* heard Amazing Grace played the way it should be. The ultimate insult was the final track of Scotland the Brave.  Instead of the inspiration I always get with this tremendous piece of music, I felt like I was sitting at a beginner's recital. Scotland the Brave was not meant to be played slowly, methodically nor without trills, and it left me saying one, two, one, two in my head, just like a young student would.  Truly disappointed in this CD.  The 2 stars is for the nice tranquil piano music and that's about it.  Throw in the haggis."))
(2.0, (u'B000004AT1', u"I'm trying to forgive Michael Gira and Jarboe for dragging the death of their &quot;main&quot; band out like the demise of the monster in a cheesy horror film, and it's getting pretty difficult. It isn't that I don't appreciate the incredibly diverse body of work that they left behind, and the live shows that I have attended were near-religious experiences, it's just that those experience haven't tended to translate all that well in recordings. Jaboe isn't all that scary when she isn't hanging out over the front of the stage screaming like a more muscular Diamanda Galas, and Gira's leadership of the the whole churning mess comes out sounding more like a Walkman recording of a Pigface show. This pair has always been a trifle arrogant in the sheer volume that they have thrown at their fans, and this is a prime example."))
(2.0, (u'B000001U14', u"This is a good CD if you like instrumental music. If you want this just because of the title, don't bother to get it.  The first 7 songs are from &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; (no singing), but the last five have nothing to do with the title, and personally, I've never even heard of them until I listened to this CD.  This would be a good CD if you are a band/jazz band director and wanted to do songs on this CD, because you could hear what the songs were supposed to sound like, but like I said before, don't order it because of the title."))
(2.0, (u'B000005BE2', u"This is a collection of poppy (the really laid back mundane kind) punk songs.  Saving points are songs by Swinging Utters, NOFX, and Screw 32.  If you like bands that sound like a sped-up version of Savage Garden go ahead.  Track Listing 1. Murphy's Law: How to Start a Fight 2. Red 5: Selfish Girl 3. Me First and the Gimme Gimmes: Mother and Child  Reunion 4. Screw 32: Best Revenge 5. 22 Jacks: So Sorry 6. Dance Hall Crashers: We Owe 7. The Rudiments: Superhero Chicken S--- 8. Swingin' Utters: Dogs Day End 9. NOFX: Reagan Punk 10. Clowns for Progress: Capt. Fun 11. Lag Wagon: Drive By 12. The Pristeens: Shot Down 13. Bouncing Souls: Quick Check Girl 14. Hagfish: Red, White, and Blue 15. Odd Numbers: If I Knew 16. Blount: The Truth 17. Youth Brigade: Believe in Something 18. No Use For A Name: Fairytale of New York"))
(2.0, (u'0790729628', u"If the story was as interesting as the cinemaphotograhy, this would be a 5 star movie.  But unfortunately, the story is slow starting and never builds any momentum.  I kept thinking this is going to get really exciting any minute now, but after an hour into it I realized I needed 3 espressos if I was going to stay awake.  DVD is an excellent medium for this film.  It really shows the detail that Ridley Scott put into it.  It is an excellent film for your DVD collection, if you're wanting to show off your machine.  Otherwise, this movie is a real snooze.  END"))
(2.0, (u'B000001E18', u"First off, I'd like to say that I'm a huge U2 fan, which is mainly why I thought Zooropa deserved the low rating I gave it.  Zooropa captures none of the power of War, the emotion of The Joshua Tree, or the disillusionment of Achtung Baby.  The album's only redeeming quality would be its satirizing of popular culture, which is actually brought out better (and in a more musically pleasing manner) in Pop.  The title track is excellent, &quot;Lemon&quot; and &quot;Daddy's Gonna Pay For Your Crashed Car&quot; are decent, and though it's a 100 times better played live, so is &quot;Dirty Day.&quot;  But beyond that the CD descends into a musical wasteland of synthesizers and annoying sound effects.  It's my personal theory that after The Joshua Tree, U2 had to find a way to decrease their fan base into something more manageable.  So they came out with Achtung Baby to scare people away.  When that became a big hit, they had no choice but to put out a miserable excuse for an album in Zooropa.  There are only two people for whom I'd recommend this album:  Die-hard U2 fans who love anything the band puts out, and non-U2 fans who have never heard any of their good music (or just happen to like dance/techno/whatever-Zooropa-is better)."))
(2.0, (u'B0000062WB', u"I was dismayed by the harsh nasality of Gordon Lightfoot's once-resonant voice on his latest CD, A Painter Passing Through.  I took this to mean that age had finally caught up with him, and, with much trepidation, went to see him in concert.  Something is wrong!  He is NOT so nasal, nor aged, and, most definitely, NOT at ALL like this album.Although A Painter Passing Through DOES highlight Gordon's delightful songwriting skills, its production leaves MUCH to be desired.  Gone are the melodic undertones of Don Quixote and Sundown...they are replaced by an almost frightening nasality, a straining, grating noise that is especially apparent on &quot;Ringneck Loon&quot;, one of the most lyrically wonderful tracks on the CD.  For the true-of-heart, buy this album, if only for the lyrics, but be certain that you see him live, if only to hear the songs as they are MEANT to sound."))
(2.0, (u'B000001ES9', u"I should begin this by saying that while I gave this album a 2 star rating, any Rush fan would be quick to say &quot;that's 2 stars compared to other Rush albums, but it'd be at least 3 stars compared to any other band's albums!&quot;  If you want to get into Rush, don't begin chronologically, as this album doesn't even begin to show the greatness and talent that would be so characteristic of them only 3-4 years later.  I can only stomach all the Led-Zepplin-esque guitar riffs and lyrics for so long before I have to hit FF on most of the tracks.  Though John Rutsey's drumming is tight, (and a lot better than he gets credit for, I might add)  he's no Neil Peart, for sure. If you want to hear the best this album has to offer, just buy Chronicles or Retrospective I, as truthfully, I only will listen to Working Man, Finding My Way, and maybe What You're Doing these days."))
(2.0, (u'B000002BV6', u"I must tell everyone THE BONUS CD is ALSO A CD-ROM. It has a game, online, and videos. I don't like the Ozzman Cometh other than this. Crazy Babies should be replaced with Miracle Man and Mama, I'm coming home could be replaced. Only get it for the bonus CD. You can play videos, go online, Screen Killer, and break Ozzy's bones. The only other reason is the crap recordings of Sabbath Songs. WARPIGS HAS DIFFERENT LYRICS. The only other time these lyrics appear is on the BLACK SABBATH STORY VOl.1 VIDEO. GET IT, IT'S BETTER. OZZY HAS MANY GREAT ALBUMS, BUT THIS ONE IS DISAPOINTING. I give 1 star because we have to and 1 star for the BONUS CD which is ALSO A CD-ROM. Try it out. I AM NOT LYING!"))
(2.0, (u'6303332188', u"Let me begin by saying that Beyond the Mind's Eye is one of the best Computer graphic VIDEO TAPES around. The DVD version has made good scene changes from the video tape. And the soundtrack album is excellent.However, with the DVD conversion, the quality is noticeable lower. The &quot;screen noise&quot; caused by magnetic medium on video tape has been converted all too faithfully on the DVD version. Especially looking at the black areas of the animation, the result is horrible. It's like looking a little bit at the &quot;snow&quot; on a TV. The picture is not sharp and crisp as it could have been with some digital remastering. Also, the &quot;Bonus&quot; video is a shoddy music video that isn't much to look at. The chapter selection is poorly done with not alot of ability to pick just exactly which scene you wanted (The video had about nine chapters, the DVD version only allows you to pick five).This DVD is not worth your money. Along with showing off it's BAD picture quality, the lack of effort expended on the conversion was appaling. A little bit of digital remastering would have been greatly appreciated to eliminate a lot of the &quot;snow&quot; in the animation.  END"))
(2.0, (u'B000002J20', u'This mostly-awful double-album is the epitome of prog-rock excess -- and this comes from a person who loves the three Yes albums previous to this monstrosity. Actually, there is *some* value to it -- the first track is composed of some compelling musical passages and interesting shifts.  It all falls apart quickly after that, though, devolving into really appalling, unfocused nonsense.  The lyrics (never a strong point with Yes) are so incomprehensible and obviously meaningless that one wonders why they are even present. Keyboardist Rick Wakeman himself once described the album as an exercise in &quot;wading though a cesspool to get a waterlily.&quot; There are some excellent Yes albums, but this is one of the real bombs.'))
(2.0, (u'B000002VFA', u"I have to agree with Chris Heath's review.  Although I like this album for nostalgiac reason, it is not as conistent as the first LP and lacks the electricity of the first LP.  On this one Lewis Martinee tries to meld r&amp;b grooves with the Miami sound.  It was a success commerically for him; but perhaps over time it is a flop.  Martinee should have stuck to his successful sound.  Later he will try his hand at house and continue to fail even more miserably.  Finally he will no longer have involvement with the group.  There are some nice sentimental ballads on this CD.  It is the last CD where Gioia Bruno (the brunette) is involved with the group.  This CD's best moments are &quot;What You Don't Know&quot; (brassy Miami pop), &quot;When I Looked At Him&quot; (sappy ballad that will make you sentimental) and &quot;Stop Look Listen Think&quot; (brassy Miami pop on CD---promo 12&quot; mixes were ahead of their time in terms of house).  I saw this band play at Oh! Lazer Cl! ! ub in Tijuana, BC.  A very cool thing admist the whole posh 80s thing."))
(2.0, (u'B000002HH9', u"To me, this album marked the beginning of the end of an all-out Cure fandom that had lasted for seven years. A few great songs, but on the whole unmoving, indulgent, and bland. The good ones are &quot;Want&quot; (predictable and uninspired lyrics, but an effective opener in the vein of &quot;The Kiss&quot; or &quot;Open&quot;), &quot;The 13th&quot; (a brilliantly successful experiment a la &quot;LoveCats&quot; or &quot;Caterpillar&quot;), &quot;Club America&quot; (a becomingly forceful and spry anthem), &quot;Mint Car&quot; (too catchy for words), and &quot;Jupiter Crash&quot; and &quot;Treasure&quot;, which have a nice atmosphere that I can't quite describe. 'Moody' songs like &quot;This Is A Lie&quot;, &quot;Numb&quot;, and &quot;Bare&quot;, however, just lie flat and quivering no matter how many times you try to listen to them and hear something special there. The superbly sequenced _Wish_ was apparently their last hurrah, unfortunately, but I guess they had to go so! ! ft eventually..."))
(2.0, (u'B0000060E6', u"Though rarely have Bacharach's works received such a lush production, rarer however is the airlessness with which these classics have been performed. A collection of Broadway-trained voices interpret some intruingly obscure Bacharach songs with an alarming lack of feeling and a preponderance of technigue.Predictably, the songs associated with Dionne Warwick fare the worst under this Velveeta treatent, and one is left to merely enjoy Bacharach's splendid music imagining how they might sound performed by artists with souls. The best cut by far is La Chanze's &quot;Anyone Who Had a Heart&quot;, and it's always nice to hear Helen Reddy again.The best thing about the album is that it introduces some seldom-heard Bacharach and will perhaps send listeners out to find the original recordings for some indication as to how these songs should sound by artists with a deeper understanding of the lyrics and less of a determination to 'sell it'."))
(2.0, (u'B000006PMH', u"I have always been a huge fan of Kansas, and always will be, but I can't recommend this album. The band can still rock, without a doubt, but the orchestral gimmick is both ill-conceived and badly executed - the previous comments about poor mixing are spot-on. Steve Walsh is among the best rock singers ever, but I can't keep the phrase &quot;the ravages of time&quot; out of my head as I listen to his voice on this album.  Robbie, on the other hand, sounds great, and it is indeed a pleasure to hear him with the band again.If you haven't heard much Kansas, *please* do yourself a favor and order all of their albums from the first one through Audio Visions right this minute, and avoid this unfortunate recording."))
(2.0, (u'B000007NCW', u"it's funny, just a week ago one of my friends was telling me how he just didn't get the big deal about Radiohead's critically acclaimed &quot;OK COMPUTER&quot;  (an album for the ages, by the way). and now,in some sort of poetic justice,  after receiving Grant Lee Buffalo's &quot;JUBILEE&quot; i came accross the same problem - all critics love it,5 star reviews by almost every listener , and yet it seems that on my stereo the album turns into a boring and predictable piece of junk. except for a few stand-outs (APB,Change Your Tune,Jubilee) most of the songs on the album use the same old tired chord formulas youve heard a thousand times before, which makes the songs sound extremely familiar the moment you hear them. a good example for a &quot;stolen&quot; song is &quot;Fine How'd Ya Do&quot;. try comparing it with Radiohead's  &quot;My Iron Lung&quot; and you'll see what i mean. an internet critic (don't remember who) stated the album as a reinvention of classic rock, bu! t the album is more of a classic rock's greatest hits. judging by the Stone Temple Pilots inspired &quot;Seconds&quot; or the REM'ish &quot;Everybody Needs A Little Sanctuary&quot; and even the simply annoying &quot;SuperSloMotion&quot; it seems that youve heard it all before, and i prefer the original versions better. as Grant Lee Phillips states on &quot;Testimony&quot; - &quot;i feel as though i'v let you down&quot;. i guess he did."))
(2.0, (u'B000007T1A', u"I am a huge fan of R&amp;B and have an extensive collection. I must admit that I bought this CD based on all of the great reviews that I read about it. However, I was a bit disappointed when I listened to this CD ( I listened to it about 10 or so times to let it &quot; sink in &quot; ). In my opinion, there doesn't seem to be much variety to the music on this CD. For all R&amp;B fans I respect you taste and dedication to Maxwell's music but if you would like to hear a sampling of truely superb R&amp;B I would like to direct your attention to an outsatanding R&amp;B trio that dominated the international charts between the early to mid 80's. The trio's name is &quot; Imagination &quot; and you can purchase their &quot; Best Of .....&quot; CD collection right here from Amazon at an exceptional price. Feel free to check my review ( as well as that of a fellow fan from Costa Rica ) of this CD and although you unfortunately cannot sample the music from this CD, for the price of a couple of lunches at McDonalds you will own what I believe to be some of the finest R&amp;B ever written.  YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!"))
(2.0, (u'B000007SR8', u"After seeing the movie, I was not only impressed by its story and special effects, but also by its fantastic music. With 'its' music I mean the specially written musicscore, not the popsongs. With this in mind I bought the soundtrack. What a mistake! It's nothing more than a average CD with some nice songs on it. The music I was after, was only represented by a 3 minutes track!  So, if you like nice songs, buy this CD. But if you're after the fantastic movie-music, DON'T! (P.S. Can anybody tell me how or where I can get the original music-score?)"))
(2.0, (u'B000002JAI', u'I started listening to Rush as a teenager in 1981, and was so infatuated with them. But something happened over the years-I matured. As we grow up and go through college and head into our thirties, we start to appreciate true music-the genius of a Mozart, the lovely voice of a Karen Carpenter, and the brilliant writing and rich baritone voice of a Gordon Lightfoot. We no longer find interest in the old stuff we used to wrongly think so highly of while in our immature and infantile mindsets. One of the songs from this album is resist, that is easy to do with this CD. Given the advanced musicianship of Neal Peart and Geddy Lee, I would think they would have matured and moved on to higher forms of music rather than the lower and base form of heavy metal! And what happened to Alex Lifeson? This CD is lacking in any inspiring guitar work. This CD gives me a headache-just like the concert did at Jones Beach in Long Island last summer-1997. The sound was terrible and we all got ear and headaches, and were happy when it was over. Considering the loyal following Rush has, they owe it to their fans to ensure their sound quality is up to appropriate standards. It seemed like Rush was heading in the right direction years ago, but they sold out in a futile attempt to maybe finally get a number one hit. Well, as long as they keep this up, they never will-imagine thirty years without a number one hit.'))
(2.0, (u'B000001EWU', u"I thought this cd was so wack, that I had to check the cd package to see if this was really Brian McKnight doing the performing on this cd. First off the rip-off jobs he was doing on songs as title track(sounds like the riff to Outside Your Door by, Me'Shell Ndegeocello) and the track The Only One For Me( stealing the riff to the R Kelly remix of I Can't Sleep Baby, yall know what I'm talking about). You Should Be Mine was another let down. And what's up with Jam Knock ? I wish artist like Brian would stick to what they know instead of listening to their A&amp;R reps. I guess I'll just stick to the first two cd's he released. By the way those uptempo cuts on the first two cd's are way better than the crappy ones he's got on the new one. I just can't recommend this to anyone. As a matter of fact, I'm giving him two stars based on his past performances and hoping for a better outing next cd.Peace  Xes Cainam"))
(2.0, (u'6302722713', u"This the first entry of the new series and I was pretty disgusted. For the first time since the first movie, Godzilla destroyed Tokyo without fighting a enemy.  The Japanese version was good and had a more serious tone to it.  The cheap American version had scenes put in with Burr and a couple U.S. Generals and officers.  Don't get me wrong, I like Raymond Burr, But those weird officers, drinking their Dr. Pepper, are what almost killed the American version.  The new Godzilla looked good and I liked the added dorsal plates on his back.  His face looked funny though, his top lip was gigantic and those fangs were too big.  The only good thing about the American version is Burr's little speech at the end, something the Japanese didn't have.  Overall a o.k. movie with good action scenes and a pretty  creative ending.  END"))
(2.0, (u'1558908358', u"Please first note that this review concerns the DVD presentation of TRON and not the movie in itself.Tron! At last on DVD! And take a look at this mention: &quot;Digitally Mastered&quot;, ah!!! It seems that Disney has prepared us a treat, well don't count on it because this DVD is somewhere a disappointment for the home theater enthusiast. But before we address the problems of this presentation, the good points are: - a really good transfer (of course, it's not the Fifth Element but it's still very good), - a great sound (English &amp; French are presented in an amazing 5.1 Dolby Digital mix, Spanish only in Dolby Surround), - an efficient chapter list (without animation) despite a very cold menu.Now, the FLAWS: - This DVD is not enhanced for widescreen TV's. This means that when you magnify the 2.20:1 widescreen ratio to fit your widescreen TV, the diagonals line appear like &quot;stairs&quot; due to the low resolution of the NTSC standard (that's why recent DVD! s are &quot;enhanced&quot;, something ignored by Disney, a real mess for a DVD released in May 98 when &quot;enhanced&quot; technology has been available for a year now), - NO French and Spanish subtitles, a real error for one of Disney's most adult movie, - Supplemental material limited to -only- a full screen theatrical trailer (with a very dirty image quality), a price ... which is unnaceptable for such an empty presentation.The worst thing here is to compare this DVD to the &quot;Archival&quot; Laserdisc Boxed Set. As a matter of fact, DVD technology would have had the advantage to present &quot;archival&quot; datas (pun intended) of the laserdisc like the trailers (more than one here), the behind the sceen footage, the pre-production tests and art, the commentaries, the deleted love scene (...) and with a better image quality. This DVD was also the opportunity to propose the boxed set at a reduced price (well, between $100 &amp; $300, there is a difference) but Disney has completely missed the occasion here and what we have is a ... DVD I can't recommend. There's simply not enough material on this disc to justify the price so my advice here is: invest $100 on the laserdisc boxed set or buy this DVD but only on Amazon.com where the ... price tag is much more reasonnable.Pierre-Andr&eacute; - Film Music Journalist (SFX Magazine France) &amp; Fan of early CGIs (Universal, I order you to release a widescreen DVD of The Last Starfighter!)"))
(2.0, (u'B000006OWY', u"Having already bought Amp 1, I was looking forward to its sequel, even after having read that it would be an album focusing on the hip hop/electronica influence.  I hate to admit, but I was pretty disappointed with the album as a whole.  I did enjoy the new Fatboy Slim track, but the remainder of the album seemed to lack any real electronica or techno influence, aside from a bit of scratching and sampling.  True, there was the Adam F drum n' bass track, but I found it wearying and taxing to have to listen to Method Man and KRS-One. After all, I wanted an electronica album, not just another remix comp..."))
(2.0, (u'B000007Q6L', u"Except for the powerful, seven minute &quot;Forgive Our Fathers&quot; opening suite, the music on this CD amounts to background music for quite a good movie. The musicians do an admirable job in that respect but it doesn't transfer to music that stands alone. I bought the CD just on the basis of a very funny scene, with music and irreverent singing, in the movie. This too has less impact outside of the movie context. This is often the case with movie soundtracks. The person I saw the movie with was going to get the CD but I think we'll both be glad that we stopped at one.I'd take the money and invest in some good native american music or native american rock. This is my first native american CD, and since I  first heard native american rock radio in Albuquerque in 1994, I have been attracted to the genre. The movie experience and the first track of this CD now move me to get my second and third native american CD's  that aren't sound tracks."))
(2.0, (u'B000005HTR', u"Alex Reese may have finesse, but it is not with finesse alone that great albums are made.  A little, sure, but too much gives way to a slick product instead of a crafty undertaking. Reese has his moments, though.  &quot;Acid Lab&quot; is a terrific number, with spy movie-like keyboards and a jumping back rythm.  But &quot;Candle&quot; comes off like stale elevator music, as does &quot;Jazz Master&quot; and &quot;Ibiza.&quot;  Reese's all-too-careful approach to the drum &amp; bass genre results in mockery and simple boredom. Reese is what Kenny G. is for jazz: safe listening.  The only danger you may encounter is scratching the disc while putting it back in its case, which may be a good thing. But some may prefer such a lifestyle, so I'll give it two stars for accessibility."))
(2.0, (u'B000009PNP', u"This soundtrack is a disappointment. After watching television ads and trailers in the theater for the film and hearing a haunting score featuring Loreena McKennitt, Robert Miles, Deep Forest, and other New Age/Celtic stars playing their hits, I waited with fervent anticipation for this disk. It doesn't contain any of these artists as featured in the film. This soundtrack is in reality your basic quasi-classical orchestral drivvel with Celtic overtones, ho hum boring, smacks of the soundtrack for TITANIC which is equally dull. Don't waste your time and money on this disk! Wait and hope for a disk of the incidental New Age music as featured in the trailers.......will be well worth the effort."))
(2.0, (u'B000009R44', u"Alright, alright... now what the hell is up with this?... Harvey Danger?... Flagpole Sitta... I'm not seeing it... are you??  This is another case of a movie showcasing a song throughout it's trailor and all over the movie then BOGARTING the song by NOT putting it on it's soundtrack. This is just another in a long series of movies that uses a certain song to market the entire movie, then the movie either strikes the song from the soundtrack, or sometimes even from the MOVIE. who could forget Starship Troopers?...the way that they used &quot;Song 2&quot; by Blur in ALL the previews, then the song isn't used ONCE in the movie.  This is crap, how could you NOT put Harvey Danger's song on this cd??  If i were you... i would NOT buy this, it's just a &quot;makeshift&quot; soundtrack, stay away from it."))
(2.0, (u'B000002TNT', u"Sorry to say this, but I was disappointed with this album.  Her vocals are amaturish at best -- they struck me as the kind of thing you'd hear at a Tuesday open-mike at the local cafe and think, hmmm, might sound good in a few years if she keeps it up.  Her songwriting also shows her age, and are nothing special, either musically or lyrically.  (Take a look at any teenage girl's poetry.)  Best thing I can say about it is it's well-produced, if slightly derivative.I don't think this CD would have gotten pressed if it had been someone other than Milla.For contrast, consider Fiona Apple's debut.  Fiona I would call a talented and creative vocalist, songwriter and musician; Milla is unfortunately just another (extremely) pretty face."))
(2.0, (u'B000003G7W', u"After listening to this soundtrack, I thought one thing.  That is that the dancing in this show must be amazing because the singing sure isn't.  Just goes to show that much like movies today, broadway is willing to award accolades based on production values rather than content.  I believe that it is vitally important that Ann Reinking pass on the Fosse style to another generation of dancers, but whoever is letting her sing should be shot!Bebe Newirth is fantastic as always, but after hearing her on other recordings, one has to wonder whether the affectations she uses to make her voice sound 'sexy' are helping or hindering the cause.If your looking for great singing and a tuneful broadway score try Candide (1997), Sideshow (1997), or even Titanic (1997).  These are all feast for the ears.....Chicago is merely an appetizer."))
(2.0, (u'0940984490', u"This book is more a collection of other resources (interviews, newpaper articles, etc) than an in-depth look at the man &quot;behind the music&quot;.  If you are a Prima fan, and have any of his music now available on CD, (especially the Capitol Collector series) then you already know most of the infomation contained within this book.It details Prima's start in New Orleans, through his big band triumphs and failures, his partnership with Keely, and his attempts to regain his audience after their divorce, but contains little information from Louis himself (he MUST have conducted some interviews throughout his career, but very few direct quotes are used).The book takes about 4 hours to read, and may fill in some holes in Prima trivia, but it wasn't as fact filled as I had hoped."))
(2.0, (u'B000002H9H', u"I WAS DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS ALBUM. MOST OF THE SONGS ARE FORCED AND  TEDIOUS. THERE ARE A FEW GOOD ONES LIKE &quot;YOU WOKE UP MY  NEIBOURHOOD&quot; WITH R.E.M.'S  MICHAEL STIPE AND &quot;SEXUALITY&quot;  WHICH HE PUTS A PUNCH INTO THE LYRICS (&quot;I LOOK LIKE ROBERT DENIRO, I  DRIVE A MITSUBISHI ZERO&quot;....ON SESSIONS AT WEST 54TH, HE CHANGED THE  LAST LINE SINCE MISTUBISHI DOESNT SELL THE ZERO IN THE STATES). THE REST OF  THE SONGS ARE LACKING (&quot;GOD'S FOOTBALLER&quot; SUCKS BAD). I KNOW HE  CAN AND HAS DONE BETTER. BUY &quot;WORKERS PLAYTIME&quot; AND SIT BACK AND  ENJOY THE BEST ALBUM EVER PUT OUT ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH."))
(2.0, (u'B000005H20', u'Sometimes it helps to go back. I wrote this review years ago  I relistened to my dusty copy and I was dead wrong. I must revise it.Stan Getz and Chet Baker hated each other, according to "Stan Getz, A  Life in Jazz". At least Stan thought Baker was unprofessional and often "smacked up" falling over, off-key, out-of-tune.  Stan was probably just as high, but could seemingly play perfectly no matter how high he was. Future Stan often got annoyed with Chet\'s sloppy play. On the album "Quintessence 1" and many others, this is certainly true. Yet they were constantly being pushed together by record companies, to make that magic album by the Kings of Cool that always eluded the producers.But not here, particularly. Both sound amazingly sober. It\'s 1953, Gerry Mulligan is in slam for indulging in his bad habits. Baker with Mulligan\'s old band looking for work and trolling around for a sax man.No Baker croning here (at this point in his life Chet sang his best or mostly in-tune, stuff). There is the kind of complex, yet Cool, aloof bepop duets that one finds with Getz and Brookmeyer. Getz and Baker carefully dance around each other creating instant chords without a piano. "Bernies Tune", the Mulligan classic, is an excellent example, not the sax solo\'s, then trumpet but true interaction. All here is Cool, witty, dry and buttoned-down. Which I guess means "West Coast". A dry martini. Almost like Paul Desmond!What I\'d have liked more of, except for "Yesterdays" "What\'s New" and a pinch of "Funny Valentine", is heartfelt ballads where the primaries dig deep within themselves. Most is fast, light, intricate bepop. Never raucous. There are two versions of the annoying "Winter Wonderland"If I could change my rating this really deserves a solid 3 1/2 to four stars. No it\'s not profound or deeply moving but enjoyable.Monophonic recording'))
(2.0, (u'B000006C89', u'How I expected this double cd!!! but I should have known that tributes  these days are three a penny and very rarely they seem to convince. It  seems that many famous people were invited to this party and when they came  not really dressed as they should and not really in the mood nobody could  tell them to leave. Such is the cover of Springsteen, almost to make you  weep. A bizarre reggae song by Jackson Browne and Bonnie Raitt (Did Seeger  write that?) and many etcetera. Not all is lost, Greg Brown, John Gorka and  Anni difranco give some good songs, but even these songs would be  considered fillers in any of their albums. Before you buy this cd try to  listen to it at a friends. I consider it the disappointement of the year.'))
(2.0, (u'B000002VHK', u"The most disappointing things about this album are Steve Howe's  questionable solos and Rick Wakeman's virtual absense from the pieces he's  supposedly playing on. The Levin/Bruford rhythm section redeems the  Anderson/Howe/Bruford/Wakeman tunes somwhat. The Anderson/Kaye/Rabin/Squire  songs are, I hate to admit, better. Trevor Rabin's sparse solos are fairly  tasty, and he knows how to write a catchy song. &quot;Miracle of Life&quot;  and Squire's &quot;The More We Live&quot; are perhaps the best tunes on the  disc. I like the latter, because Chris Squire gets to sing some parts by  himself...great voice! What's going on with Steve Howe? He didn't always  play poorly like this. I think he lost it on Tormato, and never recovered."))
(2.0, (u'B0000256VN', u'Roxy Music had a profound effect on newer bands like, Talking Heads, The Cars and ABC, so it comes as no surprise that these more successful bands had an influence on Roxy as well--to the detriment of their music making. FLESH & BLOOD has the fingerprints of the Cars hit making machine all over it."Over you", "Same old scene" and "NO strange delight" all sound like it could have been an outtake from PANORAMA or CANDY-O. It was clear that this album was a hoped for commerical breakthrough in the U.S.. This influence created a weird deja vu effect on this album. This wouldn\'t have been as disconcerting if not for the fact that the material was, for the most part, the weakest written by Bryan Ferry and company since SIREN. In fact, SIREN is a better album by virtue of the fact that it is Roxy imitating themselves and not another band influenced by them.There are some highlights and a handful of good tracks among them "My only love", the strange sleepy reading of Wilson Pickett\'s "In the midnight Hour", the yearning "Oh yeah"(the album\'s first single) and even the Cars inspired "Over you". The weak tracks out number the stronger material, though, and this feels like a transitional album, perhaps even a holding operation until the breakthrough of AVALON.The production by Roxy & Rhett Davies sounds extremely dated and hasn\'t aged as well as other Roxy albums. The b side outtake "Lover" might have been an interesting addition as a bonus track if Warners/E.G. had thought to add it(in fact this track written by Ferry & Manzanera would have been one of the best songs on the album--one wonders why it wasn\'t added to replace the lethargic reading of the Byrd\'s "Eight miles high" or "Running Wild").This is a Roxy album that is of interest to completist and those that have earlier albums. If you enjoy AVALON, this album is probably the closest in terms of style and sound than any of their other albums(with the exception of the more experimental STRANDED), so would be worth purchasing if that is your frame of reference.Next time the guys would do better.'))
(2.0, (u'B000001E34', u"Why did they have to ruin this show by making this recording? If you are  considering buying it- DEFINATELY get original cast. They (for some reason)  decided to put the show to a be-bop style and rap a few lyrics here and  there. It doesn't suit this wonderful work of art. The female narrator made  me want to throw a tennis ball in her mouth to make her shutup! The  original  male narrator is very good and they should have have never  changed it for recent productions. The female is like fingernails on a  chalkboard in my opinion. If you are an ALW fan- Joseph is a must for your  cd collection but not this recording- skip it!!!!"))
(2.0, (u'B000002HAB', u"TSIA.  This album contains some of Phish's finest songs in their career.  Such wonderful tunes as &quot;REBA&quot; and &quot;squirming coil&quot;  which are a delight to hear live are here rendered as lifeless, unfocused,  energyless rot.  Now I have a feeling that I may get some flack for this  someday but can anyone who has heard any of these songs live truly say that  the studio tracks come even close?  PHISH's first two albums are dull,  musaky, and low-energy, partially because they hadn't figred out how to use  a studio yet, they just tried to recreate their live performance.  If only  they had learned what they learned by &quot;billy breathes&quot; and  applied it to the songs on this album, the album woudl be outstanding, but  the result here is almost unlistenable.  Check out the bootlegs for the  real stuff, kids."))
(2.0, (u'B0000057QD', u"This album just regurgitates much of what has been done already.  I  suspect this fills a void for those who want to hear new Israeli disco pop  between Ofra Haza releases. I was thoroughly bored listening to this and I  really, really tried to salvage some interest in it.Others who aren't as  acquainted with Israeli music will find this very appealing.  Unfortunately, those people are not aware of how much better it gets.  Very  little is easily available in the US (in particular) outside of Judaica and  Jewish music stores.I'd recommend trying out some Ofra Haza over this  selection, if you can't find the better stuff or don't want to wade through  the uncertainty of it.  Her Yemenite album, Fifty Gates of Wisdom, that she  put out in the 80s is a classic.  For more of a pop sound,  go with Shaday.  Her earlier material isn't available here at Amazon.Better suggestions  of female mizrachi vocalists are Zehava Ben, Etti Levi, Yardena Arazi and  Gali Atari.Who knows?  Maybe Yosefa will grow on me or maybe another  album will seem better."))
(2.0, (u'B000001EVD', u"I have been a Rush fan since 1976, and have seen every tour since 1980. I  feel that this was a poor choice for a &quot;retrospective&quot; the song  mix is as usual, radio songs and unfortunatly radio songs are not always  the best on the album. For a new listner, this album falls far short of  Chronicles. For the old die-hards, it's very disappointing. If you have all  the studio albums and live albums as I do, your best bet is to record your  own tape or cd of favorites. If you do not have all the studio albums, and  would like an overview album, stick with Chronicles."))
(2.0, (u'B000002VT6', u"Some of  Sarah Mclachlan's melodies are pretty, and as a pianist she's  competent, but her lyrics always make her albums disappointing she writes  in the most horrible cliches, and is obviously unacquainted with such  concepts as wit. &quot;We are born innocent, believe me Adia, we are still  innocent&quot; - does anyone actually buy this pretentious, flossy-headed  muck? Is it meant to mean something?On Building a Mystery, things get  really portentious...voodoo dolls, vampires, and other assorted bits of  juvenilia.Comparing Mclachlan to Joni Mitchell is a profound insult to  the latter, who could never have made something as hackneyed, artistically  lackadaisical and full of mind-numbing gibberish as Surfacing. An  alternative way of scrambling your brain is to place your head in a food  processor."))
(2.0, (u'B000005ZWY', u'When I saw an american Happy Hardcore release, I was excited.  However,  this was a substandard release that is less than happy.  This music is  closer to Gabber/Hardcore without the uplifting feeling of the rave scene.  I was extremely saddened by its mislabeled packaging.  There is no happy in  this hardcore music.  I would give it 3 out of five stars as a hardcore  album, but it is too simplistic to keep any listener occupied.  For my  tastes, I will listen to my 140+ BPM series or HAPPY2BHARDCORE CDs from the  Moonshine record label...  They are out of print - good luck finding em!'))
(2.0, (u'0792151712', u"Titanic, for certain, is not the greatest film in motion picture  history...There was a little film in 1939-what was it-oh yeah-that multi  billion dollar classic-Gone With The Wind.  Have we forgotten what  excellent acting and an intelligable screenplay are?  OK, I give Titanic 2  stars (although I don't know why) because the historical aspect of this  film was documented well.  I will admit, Cameron almost touches upon  Selznick's historical accuracy when he made Gone With The Wind.  What  Selznick did in that film when he recorded the events of the Civil War-ah,  that is pure and simply-untouchable, paramount splendor.  But as I said,  Cameron does a pretty good job of recording the story of the Titanic.  That  was what facinated me but this supposed love saga-what love saga?  There  may have been some sort of a mockery of a love story but no saga.  The only  true love saga that ever came out of this country was...yep, you guessed  it...Gone With The Wind.  Yes, Titanic deserves 1 or 2 stars for its  historical representation of the the RMS Titanic but the fact that the  screenwriting was awful ruins this film.  Now as for the actors-they could  have been far better...Leonardo DiCaprio-a worldwide star-come on, folks.  And Kate Winslet-WHO?  This film in no way deserved 11 Academy Awards-maybe  a few for its special effects and its history lesson-but it in no way  deserved eleven.  I do recommend that you see this film so that you may  better understand the story of the RMS Titanic but if you want to see a  truly good love saga, not this immoral trash, rent a copy of the world's  greatest film: Gone With The Wind.  END"))
(2.0, (u'0767802659', u"This was an enjoyable fun movie. So why did I give it only 2 stars?I  didn't read the Heinlein book, so I don't know whether it was he or the  movie folks that have such an abysmal lack of knowledge of strategy . Where  did they get their concept of war from, Alexander the Great? Here we are in  a major planetary war years into the future, and what is our grand  plan?1. Don't bother to do any silly advance bombing like they did in  the US-Iraq war back in 1989.2. Send the troops in without any air  cover.3. Provide them with no mechanized support. Why bother with tanks  when you are emulating Alexander the Great.4. All those monster ships  we sent. What did they contain? Just the couple hundred odd troops that  were landed?5. Make sure that all your mighty warships  sit motionless,  well in range of the highly inflammatory &quot;bug spit&quot; that zaps  through the air.6. Have your troops carry weapons that don't seem very  effective. Again don't have any tanks, missiles, rockets, etc. Just have  some fancy looking pop guns. You can use little missiles, but only  infrequently, and then up close where there is a good chance that you will  also blow up your own troops.I'm not some indignant Lt. General. I  spent a measly 4 years in the Navy, and I like computer strategy games. But  as militarily unsophisticated as I am, I nearly pulled my hair out watching  these idiotic tactics. I'm sure glad that folks like Generals Guderian and  Rommel weren't around to see this. They would have apoplexy for sure.  END"))
(2.0, (u'B000009PNP', u"I'm glad to know that I'm not the only person that loved the trailer  music, in fact, I downloaded the trailer from the web site, just so I could  hear &quot;The Mummers' Dance,&quot; though at the time I didn't know what  it was called.  I'm sick of them playing songs in the trailers that are not  included in the movie at all.  A trailer of the movie &quot;Mulan,&quot;  included the instrumental song from &quot;Seven Years In Tibet.&quot;  I  was very excited about not having to buy both CD's, but when I listened to  the &quot;Mulan&quot; soundtrack I realized that the song I was looking for  was not included at all, in any shape or form.  The &quot;Ever After&quot;  soundtrack lacks the music that reminds me of what Drew Barrymore's  character was supposed to represent, a strong female.  However, the trailer  music went nicely with it, so maybe somebody up there in the music  department for Fox needs to start doing their job!!"))
(2.0, (u'B000001YAP', u"If you've been a fan of the powerhouse vocals of Bruce Dickinson, then you  may be disappointed by the more tame tracks sung by the new vocalist Blaze  Bayley on &quot;The X Factor.&quot;  The lyrics are good, and the  musicianship is great as always, but I fear that that the hard-driving  tunes that we have come to expect from Iron Maiden are absent on this  effort.  However, if you are a big fan of their  slower melodies from  previous albums, then this will be a good one to pick-up and give Blaze  Bayley a listen.  Lastly, the rating of two stars is given in comparison to  their previous albums, which are--simply--better releases."))
(2.0, (u'6302756499', u'This video was interesting in a couple of areas. It has early appearances  from Clint Eastwood, Tom Laughlin (Billy Jack), David Jansen.  Some of  the early training flights are interesting in their realism.  But, it is  not a movie for airplane buffs. Or WW1 historians. Or war movie fans.  It  is a love story based on a young American boy, who makes some mistakes,  fights with his father, and runs off to join the war. While there, he falls  in love, makes more mistakes, grows up, repents, etc.... everyone lives  happily ever after.  American Movie Classic buffs will enjoy it (once).  Airplane buffs will hate it (wrong airplanes). WW1 buffs will hate it (no  history here, except opening credits). War movie buffs will hate it (they  call that a battle scene?)  Two stars is all I can give.  END'))
(2.0, (u'B000009QJN', u"Having seen Blade, I really fell in love with the sound track they had  going.  It fit the action scenes wonderfully (especially the opening rave  scene), and had more energy than you could hold in.Having bought the CD,  did I really see the same movie?  The first ten tracks are unlistenable  tough-guy gangsta rap.  The tone of the movie shows through on the later 5  tracks, including a phenomenal New Order mix.The later 3rd of the CD is  really really good, the first 2/3 I can't stand.  2 stars, and shame on the  person who blew this opportunity to make something really shine."))
(2.0, (u'B000002KBL', u"This CD is classic old style Doobies.  It is not well known, but folks who  are re-discovering the Doobies or discovering a little &quot;Doobage&quot;  for the first time will do well to have this classic CD, the Doobie  Brothers' first album in your collection.  It has been said that to bring  them to this place, they paid their &quot;Doobie doos.&quot;  Famous  as they are for popularizing certain geographic locations, such as  &quot;China Grove&quot; (a small community outside of San Antonio TX),  &quot;Ukiah,&quot; a remote town north of San Francisco, or &quot;South  City&quot; (&quot;South City Midnight Lady&quot;) denoting a seedy section  of San Francisco, (classic cuts from &quot;The Captain and Me&quot;), this  first release of the Doobies contains cuts on Chicago and Utah.  Especially  desirable is the tune &quot;Travelin' Man,&quot; which so aptly unites  their classic acoustic style with a wanderlust theme that is just so right.  A must have for any Doobie officianado."))
(2.0, (u'B000000I6J', u"First of all I there is nothing wrong with Etta's performance and vocal  quality on this strange recording. This CD includes 9 songs(Respect  yourself, I'd Rather Go Blind, Shake Yo' Bottie, Dust Your Broom, Summer  Heat, Drown in my Own Tears, Can't Turn You loose, Rock Me Baby and Stormy  Monday) clocking in at just about 40 minutes. Etta sounds great and I wish  the liner notes would say when this album was recorded. Who ever put  together this awful package must of thought that these songs were all too  long, since every song fades out before it ends. Very weird and annoying.  There is also very little of Etta talking, if that is something that  matters. It is suspicius that this is on a small label called Quicksilver,  this album does not seem to fit into her catalog. I am not aware of her  ever recording this album, but I have not read her book so I could be  wrong.  So in conclusion only get this poor recording if you must have  everything by Etta James, the songs are good and the price is right, just  as long as you know what you are getting into."))
(2.0, (u'B000001EP1', u"I bought &quot;First Band on the Moon&quot; purely from the reputation of  their first album, which is one of my favorites.  The first time I listened  to &quot;First Band on the Moon&quot;, I was underwhelmed by it.  But I  kept listening to it, hoping it would grow on me.  Hasn't happened.  Where  are the great pop hooks and the energy I heard on their debut?  What  happened to the songwriting?  This is truly a boring album and I rarely  listen to it anymore.  Apparently, others feel the same way.  I tried  selling it the other day and was turned down.  The store already had  several used copies, selling at the price of $5.99.  In sum, if you want to  get a Cardigans album, just get the first one and stop there.  It will be  the only one you'll need."))
(2.0, (u'B000007SNS', u"The idea of a &quot;BWAY Hits&quot; album is not new, but this one wants  to be the best. The song selection is based on those songs that went on to  achieve billboard popularity. But that doesn't mean the songs are  particularly well-chosen, and anyone with more than a passing interest will  question the selections. Is it right to choose &quot;Oklahoma&quot; over  &quot;People Will Say We're In Love,&quot; &quot;Everything's Coming Up  Roses&quot; over &quot;Some People,&quot; &quot;People&quot; over  &quot;Don't Rain on My Parade,&quot; &quot;If I Were a Rich Man&quot; over  &quot;Sunrise, Sunset?&quot; You decide. It's terribly subjective. What I  can't understand is why some alternate recordings were chosen over their  cast recording equivalents. Why is &quot;The Party's Over&quot; taken from  the movie soundtrack? Same for Liza's recording of &quot;Cabaret.&quot; And  the &quot;No Business Like Show Business&quot; recording is taken from the  inferior 1966 Lincoln Center revival, even though the CD tries to maintain  chronologic sequence--and again, Merman's great songs were overlooked. What  about &quot;I Got Lost In His Arms,&quot; or the magnificent &quot;Anything  You Can Do&quot; duet? (And if you're going to include revivals, where are  the &quot;Anything Goes&quot; revivals, or even the wonderful 1992  &quot;Guys and Dolls&quot; revival?) Even more inexplicable are the Judy  Collins version of &quot;Send in the Clowns&quot; instead of Glynis John's  sublime cast recording, and--most baffling of all--Aretha Frankling doing a  live concert recording of &quot;I Dreamed a Dream.&quot; Randy Graff and  Patti LuPone aren't good enough? I wonder if Glenn Close was slighted  intentionally, since Elaine Paige appears for Sunset Boulevard. And why  were certain shows slighted completely? There's not a trace of &quot;Sweet  Charity,&quot; &quot;The Pajama Game,&quot; &quot;Guys and Dolls,&quot;  &quot;Kiss Me, Kate&quot; or &quot;How to Succeed...,&quot; much less the  &quot;second-tier&quot; shows that didn't have &quot;big hit songs.&quot; I  think the intent with this album is two-fold. One, expose the kids who  think theater started in 1987 to a history of musical comedy, starting in  1943 (it should have started in 1931, but that would mean 3 cds). Second,  use the popular songs to sell cds--which is why you'll find &quot;Some  Enchanted Evening&quot; instead of &quot;A Wonderful Guy&quot; or  &quot;Cockeyed Optimist,&quot; &quot;Camelot&quot; instead of &quot;I Loved  You Once in Silence,&quot; and &quot;Mame&quot; instead of &quot;Bosom  Buddies.&quot; Again, subjective... but theater fans will see my point.  This is not a bad collection, for the most part. But a collection has to be  judged by its choice of entries, not the quality of its songs. These are  all classics, of course, and mostly above criticism. And it may indeed be a  good start for beginners--Lord knows they need the help. But collectors and  enthusiasts looking for great compilations already have a wealth to choose  from--the best of all of them being the 18-cd Lincoln Center &quot;Original  Cast&quot; collection, with the 4-cd Smithsonian collection and 10-cd  &quot;Celebrate Broadway&quot; collection following close behind."))
(2.0, (u'B000002N9S', u"I didn't think they could do it, but they finally released a clunker --  New Adventures in Hi-Fi is not only their worst album;  It's their most  disappointing.  It was supposed to be their spontaneous, easy-to make  record, the one they wanted to make, instead of being constantly forced to  change their sound.  Unfortunately, all they could come up with is a lame  hybrid of &quot;Automatic&quot; and &quot;Monster.&quot;  I still think  &quot;Monster&quot; is underrated, but it's pretty much accepted that  &quot;Automatic&quot; was the band's best post-IRS record.  New R.E.M. that  still kicked.  With &quot;Monster&quot; they changed sounds, added some  wit.  With &quot;New Adventures&quot;...they sound Tired, uninteresting.  It really is their Chicago XXVI, their Adult Contemporary album.  The band,  when Berry packed his bags to farm, should have broken up instead of  sissolving into a rock act.  Well, we still have Reckoning."))
(2.0, (u'B000002BS2', u"I've been an IG fan for a long, long time now, but I really don't like  this album much.  They seem to have forgotten that you can write a really  great song using just a few chords and a couple of guitars.  I also think  that as their lyrics become more ideological, the music becomes less  accessible.  It's not a matter of whether or not one agrees with the  statements made; I, personally, just don't care for politics on my stereo.  I think the Alternative/Lilith Fair crowd will like this album a lot... but  I'm interested to hear what other long-time fans think of it."))
(2.0, (u'6301412788', u"Stewart Granger plays a serious, patriarchal Lot in this epic of the fall  of Sodom and Gomorrah.Pier Angeli is her usual lovely and winning self as a  beautiful slave girl, Anouk Aimee is smoldering, sexy and dangerous as the  licentious Queen of the doomed cities, and Stanley Baker is a lecherous  Prince, who seduces both of Lot's daughters. This film was made in the  heavily censored 1950s style, so the sin named for Sodom is never even  implied--instead, the Queen is the sexual predator,lusting after her many  attractive slave girls, but a series of smoldering looks between them is  all the movie can show.  The men, on the other hand, are portrayed as a  pack of sex-crazed overgrown teenagers, but their lust is strictly reserved  for young and luscious girls.  If you can stop laughing long enough, this  is a fairly good Bible epic--the acting is much better than the script  deserves, and by the end of the film, Pier Angeli's fate as a pillar of  salt is touching. For fans of sand-and-sandal epics, but don't look for any  historical accuracy here. Don't even look for any Biblical accuracy,  either--the subsequent incest between Lot and his daughters that the Bible  relates would have been unthinkable in this era of film.  END"))
(2.0, (u'B000000DP8', u"most critics describe this album as a veritable disaster following the  perfection that was their self-titled lp. i concur completely. the songs  are nowhere up to the standards of the first and the production effectively  sinks the entire album. great songs like he, rose colored eyes, and,  especially bitter wind are ruined. the two bright spots are the rockers  murder in my heart and motorcycle irene. the &quot;grape jam&quot; portion  is a complete waste of time, pure hippie boredom. your best bet with this  group is to find a copy of the now deleted 2-cd set vintage, which has not  only the entire first album, but cherry picks the best of the later  material plus includes some great unreleased songs like rounder, skip's  song, and the original bitter wind which tears this one apart. final  analysis-they coulda been contenders."))
(2.0, (u'B000009QJN', u"Everyone I have talked to who saw the movie RAVED about the *TECHNO* sound  track.  After I saw it, I went right out and got it. MAN was i disapointed  what up with this RAP??  This movie has a TECHNO sound.  Not an Ice T gonna  busta cap in you sound. TECHNO should have been what was on the cd even if  what was in the movie wasn't enough for a cd how about extra tracks by the  same artists.  That I can accept. This blatant attempt to trick people into  buying this crap is disgusting.  I kinda wondered when i saw the  &quot;Music from and inspired by the movie&quot; on the jewl case. Oh well.  at least track 12 rocks."))
(2.0, (u'B000008UMZ', u"rl burnside is one of the best blues artists of contemporary times.  All  of his recordings have been excellent to date except this one.  The  experimentation with JSBX was not straight blues but it worked.  this album  would be better coined &quot;club burnside&quot; as the record sounds as if  burnside was dubbed over the pet shop boys monotonous dance beats that  tired 10 years ago(no offense to the pet shop boys but let the pet shop  boys do the pet shop boys!).  Go to his concerts, buy his other records but  skip this one.  Lastly, of all the lame beats two of the songs do retain  burnside's style and one strange track with the always talented alec empire  actually pulls off the electronic burnside!"))
(2.0, (u'B000007RU1', u"There is a corruption here that divorces the recording from the  environment that produced (or allowed) it. In future retrospect, this  corruption will carry implications about 1998, and about the box set  itself, that we cannot fully appreciate now. They will be remembered as a  cheap, supericial time and a dubious product, respectively.A work as  ambitious as The Lamb would be impossible in our current popular culture,  especially live. Hearing it in any time, we are compelled to ask, &quot;Who  are these artists I am listening to, and how did they do this?&quot; It was  not the Peter Gabriel of 1997 who wrote and performed The Lamb. It was not  PG '97 who gave his heart and soul, collaborating magically with four other  talented and open-minded musicians to create a landmark of progressive  rock. That is not who he is today, and that is not what he does today, yet  here is the voice of PG '97, pretending to be there.Aside from all  that, the packaging (having no jewel cases) prevents me from storing it  with the rest of my collection, and will fall apart in a few years."))
(2.0, (u'B000002GL8', u"When I first heard that Styx was coming out with a live album, I was  ecstatic.  I had been to see Styx live every time they came to town because  it was always a fantastic show and the sound was as good as that achieved  in the studio.  What a disappointment this album is.Styx's harmonies are  not as sharp as they can be and their music is not as tight.  Every song  ends the same (with the exception of Fooling Yourself and Crystal Ball,  which show some imagination).The band either got too confident in  their abilities and stopped trying or chose the wrong show to record live.  I recommend this album only for those who want to complete a collection or  who like the live sound."))
(2.0, (u'1573470473', u"While this production does not display the high standards of script  writing one expects from most major releases, this small release is full of  delectable vampire imagery and flair. With the complexity and literary  depth of a TV pilot, the Vampire Journals is only for true vampire fans, as  most other viewers will be turned off by the shallowness of characters and  the story's lack of significance. However, this production does have many  scenes of neck biting, sword fighting, a few beheadings, and more than  enough shots of vampires drinking blood to satisfy your vampire movie  cravings for a while.  END"))
(2.0, (u'B000003RSD', u"I consider myself to be a strong fan of the Cranes--well, I considered  myself to be, I suppose.  You can't imagine my disappointment, then, when I  bought the extra-$pendy version of Population Four, only to suffer the  trite and uncreative instrumentation of the top-40 indie scene.  The first  indicator of this slide is the uncecessary and repetetive use of our  four-letter favorite in the very first track.  It seems to go downhill from  there.  The only exception to the nonstop drivel that seeps from this  putrescent album is Stalk, which surprisngly was the only song Alison did  NOT sing or write.  Perhaps Alison was simply going through a rough time  when she wrote the other eleven songs, but I sense she had a larger hand in  the songwriting this time, and it shows.  This album had none of the  mysticism of Loved, none of the dreaminess of Golden, and none of the  melancholia of Wings of Joy.  It was a sellout.  It reeked of money and  conformity."))
(2.0, (u'B000006XPE', u"Vocaless girgles from the best atmosphere artists.  At first I really did not like this album, but it grew on me. I still believe that it pales in comparison to more accesible works a la _Love's Secret Domain_ (I'm a sucker for pop, what can I say?).  Even so, Coil makes some of the best and often most distrubing atmospheric ditties.  This album is a bit DRONE heavy (not to my personal liking--hence the low stars) and not terribly experimental (as they are known for).  If you know coil, then you know what kind of album this would be.  If you are new to them, don't begin here.  Try *Unnatural History* or *Love's Secret Domain* and work into this mystifying stuff . . . ."))
(1.0, (u'6303935419', u"I found reefer madness to be a &quot;DRAG&quot; of a movie it was explotive Boring and contained not one piece of storyline that was even mildly intresting whatsoever the actors were amateur the ending was like something you would expect to see in some kindergarden play put together in about five minutes. The only satifying point of the movie was the closing credites because you realize this piece of garbage is over. The plot is about as complicated as a roadrunner cartoon some kid's try marjuana get hooked on it kill a women ,run over a man with a car, get sent to jai,l go crazy and get put into an institution . If you enjoy boring pieces of garbage this movies for you... END"))
(1.0, (u'0790732475', u"I saw this movie when it first came out on the big screen in June of 1997. I wasn't expecting much, and I wasn't disappointed. This movie is awful! There is no plot; most of the dialogue consists of one-liners and bad jokes; there are far too many gratuitous butt-shots; and most of the acting is so bad that it makes what you might see at a high school play look professional. While there are a few good scenes between Bruce Wayne and Alfred, even these are spoiled by the frequent inclusion of hallucinations of scenes from Bruce Wayne's past (none of which, incidentally, seemed to have anything to do with his decision to become Batman.) Don't waste your money on this movie. END"))
(1.0, (u'B00000JL6V', u"In this, one of the most eagerly awaited computer games of all time, the user is shown a truly diverse and intriguing world. As appealing as this may sound, one would never known it. Dealing with the game's lack of involvement and user participation grows tiresome quickly.The concept of point-and-click gameplay, which was revolutionary in Myst's day, is beginning to show its age. Today's games often immerse the player in another world; Riven succeeds in only providing the individual with a multitude of pretty scenes.There may be a fascinating story behind Riven, but it is lost in its clumsy implementation. This title will only appeal to those who wish to show off their fast and new their computers. I surely won't be waiting around another five years for the next installment."))
(1.0, (u'B00000JL6V', u"I'm waiting for Riven since I finished Myst. Although the graphics are fabulous, the game is awful. The puzzles aren't difficult, but sometimes so tricky that the game becomes stupid. Some things just lack sense. If you really liked Myst, don't buy Riven. The only thing you will find both in Myst and Riven is the kind of graphics and the point and click. Don't expect to find the same kind of intelligent puzzles Myst had. After some play, you really get sick of this game. If you really want to play it, borrow from a friend.Riven maybe is the worst game sequel I've seen. It's really sad, because Myst is one of the best games ever."))
(1.0, (u'6304264860', u"This video was an absolute horror.  First off, they didnt have any Nirvana footage or music.  Besides the few short Nirvana interview clips, the rest of those who spoke had not a clue.  The fans were preppy dressed students who were the exact people who Kurt made fun of for joining the bandwagon.  Not only this, but these people read off of cue cards (it was obvious) and gave information that wasn't even correct.  &quot;Im a negative creep when Im stoned,&quot; said one &quot;fan&quot;.  Well, if he had any clue, he would have known those are not the correct lyrics.  To add to this foolishness, the music in the backround looped endlessly around with the same tune that was just hideous.  At the end - where I was happy to see it ending - it ends with a teeny bopper pop song that has nothing to do with Nirvana or even rock music.  This movie is a complete waste of money, and time if you watch it.  It gives no useful information and threatens the watcher with toxic boredom, stay away.  A good choice is the video &quot;Live, Tonight, Sold Out&quot;.  END"))
(1.0, (u'B000002HQE', u"It seems strange that a band would boast about a poor reputation, but any publicity is good publicity these days. Sometimes it just doesn't work.The only striking aspect of Feeder is their bad rap in England. Apparently an international chain store banned them from all future in-store performances after a minor crowd-surfing incident. Certainly, they have a rabid following among the acne-spotted teenage skaters populating the UK, but to boast their fans as their greatest accomplishment reeks of immaturity.Polythene reflects nothing short of a cocky attitude drenched with the most unremarkable music to cross the ocean since Elastica. It's just another CD chock-full of angst-ridden songs somewhere between Bush on helium and the Smashing Pumpkins on painkillers. The group, at times intense, curiously mixes traditional pop melodies with a heavy grunge foundation, creating a disturbing crossing of genres (something entirely displeasing to anyone with an ear for the Western musical canon). The tunes are inevitably sharp-edged, particularly on the opening track, &quot;Polythene Girl,&quot; and later on &quot;Crash.&quot; The grungy &quot;Cement&quot; is the only track likely to hit radio, though it, too, lacks an element to differentiate it from the slushpile of Nirvana soundalikes gone wrong.Frontman Grant Nichols booms a charismatic wail at times, and he certainly expresses a sense of humor through the lyrics, but nothing could lift this band out of total obscurity on American shores. If they achieve any success at all, nothing can save Feeder from the dreaded alternative rut."))
(1.0, (u'B000002NFM', u"I have listened to all Prodigy musics. I used to be a Prodigy fan in the very beggining, but now, I am very disappointed in the way that things are going. This third album has little immagination, a small bit of music, and a lot of comercial stuff to make a lot of sucess around the world. &quot;Smack my bitch up&quot;, &quot;Firestarter&quot; and even &quot;Breathe&quot; are good, but not that good. In the &quot;Music for the Jilted Generation&quot; album, you can listen to more details, the music is more *music* than in this album. And that last music... *shakes his head* So I don't like the album. If you want to buy, buy mine, I'll sell you cheaper ;)."))
(1.0, (u'B000002B9P', u"Sorry to rain on the parade of 10-ratings here, but this is one of the WORST albums I have ever heard. These songs are so bad, so utterly talentless, and so IRRITATING...I just don't understand. Some of these songs are just plain offensive. Another really bad thing is that these songs are clearly meant to be funny, but where's the joke? If playing your instruments badly is meant to be funny, then I'm not laughing. If the mind-numbingly crap lyrics are meant to be funny, then I'm still not laughing. Whoever wrote the lyrics is obsessed with bugs and little animals, for some reason, which is why we get a bunch of terrible songs about insects driving buggies and fish playing guitars. Maybe I just don't understand what the Presidents are getting at. But you know what? - I really don't care."))
(1.0, (u'B000006O86', u"We took the kids to the movie, and it seemed to drag on and on.  Didn't notice anything objectionable about it tho.  When my son wanted the soundtrack, I thought &quot;ok, I like the Wallflowers' song, why not?&quot;  Immagine my surprise when a couple of weeks later we had a house full of company, and my son put this CD on......Oh My God!  There are more foul words on this CD than there are in an R rated movie!  I dont recommend this soundtrack to anyone.  Save yourself the embarassment of owning something like this, and purchase something that won't make your mother-in-law's chin hit the floor."))
(1.0, (u'B000001XZV', u"This is NOT the Johnny R we all know and love.  He would have to be 73 yrs old (if he had been only 10 yrs old when he got to NY) now in order to have been the guy in these recordings.  And it is NOT any one person singing--it is a trio.  And, all the songs are sung in Spanish--which would be great if it was really Johnny R singing which it AIN'T!Plus, this guy is from Puerto Rico, while the Johnny R I love is from Tx.  Go figure!If anyone else has this CD and knows who it is, can shed any light at all on this &quot;mystery man&quot;, please let me know.  Also if anyone knows how to get the _real_ Johnny R to record a new one, let's get together and convince him to do it soon!!"))
(1.0, (u'B000005ZA4', u"I was, and still am, deeply moved by the songwriting and performances on Anders Osborne's studio release, Which Way To Here. This live recording is a major disappointment, however. The tunes are extremely sloppy, and Anders sounds like he is having a rather bad night. There is no coherent vibe within the band, and the entertainment value is less than zero. It is a real chore to get past the first 3 songs.I am frankly stunned that he would allow such a poor performance to be released, as I think it will surely hurt his credibility. Given the wonderful music of his first CD, I am angry that I put up good money for such a lame product, and have to question the integrity of the artist behind it all."))
(1.0, (u'B000002UB6', u"This is trash. You shouldn't blame it on Spector; it's the Beatles' fault. Let It Be is very overated. The instrumentation is over worked, and the lyrical concept is idiotic: give up on problems. Dig It is idiotic, 909 is idiotic, Maggie Mae is trash, and Get Back(Juju the monkey?) is a little dumb. In Dig A Pony, john tells us that you can syndicate any boat you row, and then repeats it as if it's some great piece of wisdom. There are two pieces of the song, and they don't link up at all. In Across The Universe, John moans untranslated Indian words. This is just bad."))
(1.0, (u'B0000060EI', u"After seeing the movie, which contained several excellent techno tracks, I spent a good deal of time trying to track down this CD.  I was pretty excited when I finally found it...however, this CD doesn't have any of the techno songs from the movie.  The CD is actually what is traditionally known as a movie score -- that is, a collection of instrumental pieces that were written specifically to enhance the effect of certain scenes in the movie.  Not that the score was unbearably bad, (although I didn't care for it much -- it was sort of &quot;New Age&quot; classical -- not my type of music) but it just wasn't what I had expected.  So my search for the song &quot;She Makes Me Want to Die&quot; (the best techno track from the movie) continues..."))
(1.0, (u'B000001TSH', u"I received my &quot;Love Lessons&quot; cassette tape and I am highly disappointed.  The music is not soulful at all.  Not for JEAN CARNE.  That's why I wanted her old music.  Classic R&amp;B is just better than contemporary R&amp;B.  I do not enjoy contemporary R&amp;B.  There is not doubt in my mind that JEAN CARNE, PATTI LABELLE, GLADYS KNIGHT &amp; ARETHA FRANKLIN can sing but, they're not singing with the emotion they sung with years ago.  R&amp;B today is so watered down and commercialized.  Black music is no longer what it used to be.  I'll just stick with the old school jams because to me that was music (Black)."))
(1.0, (u'B000003TBS', u"I've been a fan of the Sonics since day one, and it's been a long hard haul.  From the beauty of Confusion is Sex to the freakish Evol, they were, and remain, one of the most stunning bands I have heard.  Then came Daydream Nation.  Nice, but they began to believe their hype.  Goo picked up the slack-heck, it was gorgeous.  Dirty?  Swank.  Then came the stumbling, and finally, it crashed with Washing Machine.  For myself and many a long-time fan, this is their worst album.  A boring mess of boring guitar work.  Only a few songs are worthwhile, the rest are instantly dismissable.  It's sad, because they changed rock as we know it.  But to hear this album, it makes one realize that you cannot rock forever.  I never thought I would use the word bland when describing a Sonic Youth album, but I cannot think of a more appropriate fit.  I have yet to hear A Thousand Leaves, but from all reports, it continues the downward spiral.  If you want quality, real quality, not the kind of stuff forced down your throat by commercial radio, get Evol, Sister, Bad Moon Rising, even the Whitey Album.  But this stuff, it's pap, made by four geniuses who forgot how to dig into the dirt.  I suppose all the &quot;alternative&quot; (blach) music fans will like it, but for the discerning listener, it's a tragedy.  Live, they still have few peers, though..."))
(1.0, (u'B000002LGD', u"Don't tell a soul about this album, because they might get the notion that this is what the 'Mats were all about.  P.U.  A stinker from beginning to end, this was Paul's greatest VH-1 splurge.  In five short years, the band that put out LET IT BE (BUY THIS), turned into a sappy, Kenny Rogers cover band.  Do yourself a favor, buy nothing they put out on Sire/Warner.  The records that came from Twin/Tone are pure gold.  The only slight exception is Tim, which had 5 or 6 true gems on it.  But this?  It signalled the death of one of my favorites, and I admit, I was bitter.  Still am, obviously.  Go to Twin/Tone country!"))
(1.0, (u'B0000062WB', u"Having followed the great Gordon Lightfoot since around 1968, ranging from live performances at the Troubador nightclub in L.A. to a Reno,Nevada casino in 1982, I am very disappointed and saddened by the overall sound and voice quality in this recording.  The instrumental work is superb, the songs and lyrics are great(as only Gordon could write them), but the overall vocal quality of this project is disappointing and incomplete.  Make no mistake about it; I hold Gordon Lightfoot as one of the best storytellers and singers in the highest.  I would still love to talk to him in person and tell him how much I have always admired his work. Perhaps someday I will still be able to do so.  I keep thinking the more I play the CD that it could have been the fault of his producer for letting the mediocre sound and voice quality slip through, but I am not quite sure.  All I know is that this CD does nothing for the rich or used to be rich vocal style of a tremendous vocalist.  It is said that  one's voice naturally changes with time and maturity;  I sincerely hope and pray that Gordon's voice will climb out of the doldrums that was portrayed on  this recording, and that he get back to the sounds that I fondly remember, both in concert and on his superb earlier tracks.  In closing, I need to clarify about vocal quality and mediocrity:  I agree with some other reviewers comments about Gordon's nasality that is so prominent on this CD.  It basically ruined several of the songs on it.  Gordon, if you are reading this sometime, please don't ever let it happen again! You are much too gifted a troubador to turn out products like this."))
(1.0, (u'B000007Q84', u"Well it seems that there is an epidemic of contradition that spread into (I will not say Queen) Latifahs body. Does anyone remember U.N.I.T.Y???  preaching the etiquette of positivity and non-violence.  Now she is name calling  and has ODB (old dirty bastard -- for all that don't know) calling her a b**ch in an introduction to name calling II (do you remember &quot;who you calling a b**ch.  in all likelyhood this record will sell, to much of my displeasure, to  people who want to catch the last glimpse of a fallen  icon who was a symbol of hope and peace.What a shame!"))
(1.0, (u'B000002NGS', u"I'll never forget the childhood ecstasy of playing &quot;Runnin With the Devil,&quot; over and over and over again on my first stereo. Now I want to forget the agony of listening to this new Van Halen record. Eddie suffers from complete lack of control on every front: the solos are boring and repetetive, the songs are all too long, the &quot;new&quot; noises are not interesting (even annoying!), and for God sake, could no one put a stop to &quot;How Many Say I?&quot; I don't see Cherone as a problem--in fact, he's mixed so low I can't tell if it's really Sammy. Worse still, fans of all things Van Halen are hard pressed to find any signs of Michael Anthony's trademark vocal, which after all is the only reason we accepted Sammy so quickly. Next time, perhaps a producer who will make Ed sit down, shut up and play guitar. And even if so, I'll still want to hear it before I shell out one penny. If you haven't bought VH3, SAVE YOURSELF!!!"))
(1.0, (u'B000007QCY', u"While certainly not among the worst rockstar side projects and in fact quite a refreshing change of pace from the endless navel gazing of REM, one still can't help but wonder what the point of this music is. Why not spring for a Stan Getz or John Coltrane or Ben Webster (or Hugo Montenegro for that matter)CD and hear the real thing? Why settle for the ersatz schmaltz which this CD delivers? This sounds pretty good after the basic 'alternative' band configuration of bass, drums, guitar and lead singer but then almost anything would. Rock stars parading their influences and good taste in music is a pretty empty exercise and empty is how I would describe this music."))
(1.0, (u'B000002ASA', u"I got Maxwell's album after hearing rave reviews from just about everyone....What a disappointment! Apart from track 4 'Ascension (Don't Ever Wonder)' which was a chart hit here in the UK, none of the songs did anything for me at all.  None of them stand out as particularly good songs or held my attention for more than the first 20 seconds.  If I were listening to these songs on the radio I'd probably change station pretty sharpish.  In my opinion Maxwell is just another 'I'm soo cool' Artist who tries too hard to be original and falls flat on his face.  For some truly powerful soul I reccommend Al Green's Albums 'Get's Next to You'(quite funky) and 'Still in Love with you' (more mellow any love stuff)"))
(1.0, (u'B0000060J8', u'While I would not hesitate to recommend Random, the first CD of Gary Numan material performed by other artists, this CD, as described by another Numan fan, gave me a nose bleed.  The meandering mish-mash of drum machines and random samples (pun intended) is not what I call entertainment.  Most of the songs, if you can call them that, are unrecognizable and seemingly unrelated to originals.  They even have the gall to include a track from Random!  If you are a devoted Numanoid, and have to have any and all material that is even in the least bit associated with Numan, go ahead and buy this. For the rest of us, what we have here is a $13 dollar coaster.'))
(1.0, (u'B000001FJL', u"The soundtrack for Gross Pointe Blank was a great one, featuring some of the more mainstream hits of the 80s and quite a few of the harder-to-find club hits. However, THIS STUPID CD is not a complete soundtrack for the film. You will only find the pop songs on this CD. You will not find even ONE of the rarer tracks you may have been looking for and expected to find. Whomever the idiot was who decided which cuts to put on the CD needs to look at available compilations. I think you can find most of this over-played CRAP on about a HUNDRED other available compilations. Just another example of how Hollywood and the mainstream music industry generally refuses to take ANY risks at all, and doesn't really have a CLUE as to what's cool and what's not. It's truly amazing that some of the cooler songs made it into the film. How sad that the tuned-in genius who picked those songs didn't get to choose what went into the CD. Enjoy the CRAP!"))
(1.0, (u'B000001Q5J', u"To the collector, &quot;Live in Cambridge, Mass. is probably some sort of wonderful find; one of the few live recordings of one of the great electric bluesmen at the height (or, at least, not long after the height) of his powers, when British kids like The Yardbirds and Canadians like The Band (then known as The Hawks) were making hejiras to meet up with him. In one evening in a Cambridge coffee house, Wolf tore the place apart with a crack group of musicians (some of whom are anonymous on this recording) with his slapping rhythmic grooves and trademark growl.All the same, there's little to attract the average listener to this record, mostly because to the sound quality. Obviously recorded with a portable unit, there is no definition or separation of sound; Wolf himself is sometimes drowned out by the band, and when he's not, his singing (which sounds like it's coming through a tinny PA) is indesipherable. Even the most casual music fan has heard bootlegs that sound ! ten times better than this, supposedly legitimate, recording.The liner notes--which are no great shakes themselves--suggest that the inferior recording quality is simply something to be overlooked and that the historical importance of the recording outweighs such considerations. Perhaps. Indeed, if one manages to wade through the wall of noise, it's hard not to admit that this probably was a magical evening 32 years ago (the audience, which we hear at times better than Wolf, is clearly in love with the man).Nevertheless, with many great Howlin' Wolf collections out there, one can't help thinking that the man himself (who was hardly known as a sweetheart) would have taken the creators of this CD to task for not only misrepresenting his work, but also--dare we say it?--ripping off both the casual and faithful listener."))
(1.0, (u'B000000RIY', u"I was completely disappointed with this &quot;compliation&quot; CD from K-Tel.  I was hoping for the original classic versions of the Animals' hits.  The animals original songs were spooky, haunting, and had a dark bite to them.  But on this CD, the hit songs by the Animals have been redone with horrible results.Every song on this CD is painful to listen to.  No justice has been done to the Animals.I bought this CD because it was cheaper than the other &quot;Best of&quot; the Animals CDs.  I got what I paid for.  Spend a few dollars more and get the quality recordings.I don't blame Amazon, I blame myself and K-Tel for this bad purchase."))
(1.0, (u'6304622465', u"This animated version of Alexandre Dumas' classic novel was disappointing for several reasons.  1) the complex plot doesn't lend itself to a short animation and as a result the simplified story line offered in the tape is incoherent. Why was Cornelius imprisoned?  Was his godfather a good character or an evil one?  2)The graphics are primitive and VERY scary.  The eight year old girl who viewed it to the end (she always does, no matter what!) was often distracted and her five year old brother was bored and left the room before the scary parts forced us to turn off the tape. 3)The attempts to make the story appealing to young children by adding animal characters further confuse the plot and make the story untecognizable to anyone who, like me, has read and enjoyed the book.  END"))
(1.0, (u'B000001B30', u'&quot;The Complete Sun Singles Volume 4&quot; is the fourth of six CD sets which collect all the single masters ("A" and "B" sides) released under Sam C. Phillips\' Sun and Phillips International record labels. Sun fans should hear every volume in the collection; there\'s no better way to follow the rise and fall of Phillips\' recordings. But for anyone familiar with the handful of Sun/Phillips International hits like "Blue Suede Shoes," "I Walk The Line," "Great Balls of Fire," and "Raunchy," and an interest in hearing more, only a few of the volumes are essential listening.Phillips\' success prior to the period covered by Volume 4 (1959-62) came from eschewing popular trends in search of a new sound. By 1959, the music industry popularized the new sound with choral flourishes, sax breaks and lyrics about teen love and angst. Rather than challenging this new trend as he had the old, Phillips instead adapted it in search of a hit in the new market. It didn\'t work, and th! e listener to &quot;The Complete Sun Singles Volume 4&quot; shouldn\'t be surprised to find that best songs on the set are those which hearken back to the sparser Sun Sound.The nature of &quot;The Complete Sun Singles Collection&quot; says it all: if it was released under the Sun or Phillips International label, it will be on one of the collection\'s six volumes. With that sort of criteria, the listener can expect to hear some songs which would otherwise have no place on any collection (many of the tracks on Volume 4), as well as others which ought to appear more frequently (notably, on Volume 4, "Uncle Jonah\'s Place" by Harold Dorman). Volume 4, unfortunately (for Sun\'s history and for the listener), contains more of the latter and only a handful of the former. For the Sun enthusiast, listening to Volume 4 is a painful way to prove why Sun\'s best recordings came by not following the popular trends of other labels. The casual Sun listener might want to forgo this set.'))
(1.0, (u'B000001Y6V', u"The biggest problem with this album is not the meaningless lyrics, nor the uninspired vocals of Gavin Rossdale.  Nope, the biggest problem is the lack of originality and creativity exhibited in a majority of the tunes on Sixteen Stone.  We've heard this guitary, angst-ridden slop before, and it's at its worst here.  Playing loudly is not a substitute for playing well, and, unfortunately, Bush does not seem to realize this.  It's music your local garage band could reproduce quite easily.  The most disturbing thing about Sixteen Stone,however, is the way the lyrics feign depth through a series of non-sensical lines.  I would say it's a shame for all this talent to go to waste but..."))
(1.0, (u'B000002MUQ', u"At age 13 I MIGHT have written a chorus line that said, &quot;I can't stop lovin' you No matter what I say or do&quot; However, the next day I would have reread it, scratched it out and possibly burned the remains as to not embarrass myself.  It's sad where Sammy took this once outstanding and timeless group of icons.  Now Cherone (who wrote WARHEADS w/Extreme &quot;...I'm a warhead, he's a warhead, she's a warhead, etc&quot;) is taking over.  Suggestion to Eddie, &quot;PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE choose a lyricist first and a strong singer second next time around, okay?  Sort of like you did the first time!&quot;  Name a song which will live on forever in the Sammy Hagar era.  It's like trying to rhyme a word with orange.  Try to find a song which wasn't timeless with Roth.  Rock, Lock, Stock, Clock, Hock, Mock..."))
(1.0, (u'B000005N0X', u"This cd is not very good. Don't waste money on it. May I recommend Les petites notes and Reve Orange? Reve Orange is her second cd that came out after The men I love. It is a great pop-jazz album with one of my all time favorite song Au fur et &agrave; mesure. --- Les Petites Notes is truely her best cd to date. All the songs are great and she seems more in control of her voice. ---- Lumi&egrave;res was her live cd recorded in Paris in 1994. Great powerful voice. --- Then Liane came with a new album and a new face: nose job and a new more pop oriented sound. The result is bad. Though she looks like a babe on the cover, her songs suck high hell."))
(1.0, (u'B0000062S6', u"Being a Tori Fan since her first solo album &quot;Little Earthquakes&quot; I have collected her albums and singles since what seems the beginning of time.  When &quot;The Choirgirl Hotel&quot; was relesed, I heard parts and I was confused.  Was this the girl with her piano anymore?  No.  She's more than that now.  Sure, it still has that Tori touch, but it doesn't seem to have the feeling in it anymore.  Is this Y Kant Tori Read all over again?  I will have to admit, I did listen to it for a while.  They almost sound like her remix extras on her singles.  Sure, they're a novelty, but after a while, you get sick of it.  That is how I view this album.  You listen to it, and then it will be like the rest of those CD's sitting on your rack.  You can say you have it, but it will more than likely just collect dust."))
(1.0, (u'B000000WCT', u"I thought Sneaker Pimps really had something going when I first heard &quot;6 Underground&quot;, but then when I heard the rest of the CD, I was very glad that I didn't buy the CD and just heard someone else's copy of it.  The songs are nothing like &quot;6 Underground&quot; and are lacking in both originality and artistic talent.  Not a good buy.  If you bought the CD, then you probably find yourself skipping through the entire CD and listening to the last song which was a remix by another artist.  The original is almost terrifying.  The rest of the CD is just garbage."))
(1.0, (u'B000002BIH', u"I'm sure all those alterno-folk hipsters out there who worship the ground that Ms. Lord walks upon will wish me a slow and painful death but...She stinks like a forgotten Easter egg! Yes, it may seem hard to believe but it's true. Her voice makes me cringe, her wigs are aweful (indeed she has a fetish for wigs) and she is not the brightest bulb around. All and all I wish that people could see through her image and cut to the heart of the matter and they would find that there is nothing much there to get excited about. If there was a negative star rating she'd get about a -3. Guess what, Unwound makes me puke too."))
(1.0, (u'B000002P7Z', u"The critics reviews were right on target.  This album is simply awful.  I've heard tighter and more substantial melodies on &quot;Barney&quot; (not that I watch &quot;Barney&quot;). Aqua's music is as refreshing as a saturday morning commercial, and the lyrics will leave you wishing you could blast Yoko Ono at full volume on a shoddy stereo, just to drown them out. This album is indeed shameless, with the female vocals that could shatter glass, ballads probably thrown out by Madonna in her earlier more annoying years, and male rap vocals that will leave you with a deer-in-the-headlights vacant gaze. On the other hand, i've already listened to Aqua's &quot;Aquarium&quot; at least 10 times.  I am indeed ill."))
(1.0, (u'B000009D17', u"I am in no way speaking of the songs on the disc themselves, and definitely not the fantastic band, but this collection was nothing short of a complete let-down. It's nothing but 4 or so songs from each album. Big whoop. Where are the rare b-sides? Alternate Icelandic versions? Unreleased remixes? Live cuts? They're still lying on the out-of-print 12 inch singles, that's where! This could have been such an awesome endeavor. I can't even see a completist wanting this! I bought this and The B-52's &quot;Time Capsule&quot; on the same day. Quite comparable bands, and (sadly) quite comparably uninspiring Best Of compilations. It's evident that these were not made for the fans, but made instead to market the bands to new listeners, most notable with The Sugarcubes. With this in mind, I do save respect for them for the hilarious title."))
(1.0, (u'B000002U3B', u"K... now what do these two artists have in common?.... Hanson and Meredith Brooks. ...any guesses? Well, does the phrase, &quot;ONE HIT WONDER!!!&quot; strike a bell? hmmm?  Meredith Brooks is a true embarrasment to the music industry. Sure, her song &quot;Bitch&quot; snagged # 1 for a while, but i'll be PERFECTLY honest with you... even NOW more than a year after buying this cd... my stomache STILL hurts when i think about that fateful day i shelled out $14 for this hideous piece of crap. I figured, &quot;Hey, bitch is on it... and that song's cool, so the other songs have to be atleast decent.&quot; Right?... WRONG!  HORRIBLY TERRIBLY DECEITFULLY WRONG WRONG WRONG!!! The other 11 or so songs on this cd SUCK. I mean... they're not even GOOD. I've tried many 'a' time to sit down and try and brave my way through the entire cd, and i've failed every time. This cd brings new meaning to the phrase, &quot;OH MY GOD I SUCK FOR DISHING OUT GOOD AMERICAN MONEY FOR THIS CRAP!!!!! &quot;  This cd is absolutely horrible. Please... do youself... your children... and your entire country a favor by not buying this cd.  Thank you for your time gentle citizen... may the force be with you.  And DON'T BUY THIS THING!!!"))
(1.0, (u'B00000269J', u"Regarding the success of this album and the ensuing tour, David Gilmour  once stated that &quot;the proof is in the pudding&quot;.  This may be  true, unfortunately, however, Mr. Gilmour didn't write the recipe.  In case  you have to ask, that would be Roger Waters.  This work and the  multi-million dollar produced concert tour that followed was perhaps the  most obvious instance of counterfeit ever in the history of Rock Music.  From it's Wall (the movie) inspired cover with Bob Geldof clone and hotel  maid to its reliance on earlier Floyd works for song titles  (&quot;Dogs&quot; of War, A New [Welcome to the] Machine), with this album  Gilmour showed the world what a mediocre talent could do with a rock legend  and a record company willing to back anything remotely profitable.  The  inspiration for this production was the child of some record executive who  said that Gilmour's first attempt at a Floyd record didn't  &quot;sound&quot; like Pink Floyd.  The album was immediately retooled and  writers were actually hired to help make a &quot;Floyd&quot; album.  What  they created was a soulless corporate product that bore the name Pink  Floyd, but one that could not possibly live up to the Floyd legacy.  The  music is sterile and over-produced and the lyrics are (thankfully)  forgettable.  Only Gilmour's solos shine through as a stirring reminder of  a once-great guitarist  now in over his head as songwriter and  conceptualist.  A couple of numbers stand out, namely, `Dogs of War' and  `Learning to Fly' but their inane lyrics and subject matter (the latter  about Gilmour earning his pilot's license)  hinder repeat listenings.  If  you make it to track 5 (`On the Turning Away') Gilmour's attempt at social  conscience should send shivers (the bad kind) down your spine.  Nevertheless, Gilmour with Mason (and eventually Wright) in tow went on to  one of the most successful and profitable stadium tours ever attempted.  Armed with a back catalog of FM radio hits they didn't write (or, at best,  co-wrote), a stage show conceived almost entirely by Roger Waters during  the band's heyday  (circular projection screen, inflatable pig, etc.) and a  laser spectacular they wooed a new generation of fans who came to see a  legendary band (and, sadly, probably never knew the difference).  Their  1994 follow-up, `The Division Bell', followed the same formula with even  greater success.  Momentary Lapse of Reason, indeed."))
(1.0, (u'B000002GBK', u"Rick Wakeman's best music mirrors the structure used by Yes:  changing  tempos, rich textures, cross-beats by the bass and percussion, and voice  accompaniment that is used as simply another musical instrument.  Wakeman  shouldn't try to write &quot;songs&quot;; the lyrics are usually too  simplistic, and the story is thin.  This is the case with both this album  and &quot;Journey to the Center of the Earth.&quot;  None of the vocalists  have particularly strong voices in either set.  The cumulative affect is  music where the voice overshadows any of Wakeman's music.  His best works  are &quot;Six Wives&quot; and &quot;Criminal Record&quot;, where vocals are  nearly non-existent."))
(1.0, (u'B000002AGB', u"I don't know if I can express just how deeply disappointed I was in this  release. What with the amazing heights of ecstasy brought on by the much  expanded Live at Leeds, I was primed for more. At last, a complete Tommy,  live. And really, Tommy live is the main point in buying this recording.  The inclusion of a searing Amazing Journey/Sparks on Leeds pointed to the  possibility of a thunderous experience here on Isle of Wight 1970 but alas,  it is not to be.Note the circumstances surrounding this recording  proudly spelled out in the gushing liner notes. It was 3:00 in the morning  before the Who took the stage. The festival took place in August 1970, a  full year after the U.S. tour of Tommy and a full six months after the  amazing performance at Leeds. And here they are, still doing the deaf,  dumb, and blind bit. They were obviously over Tommy and it shows.There  seems to be very little attempt at focusing on the rock opera material. The  band's playing is sloppy, the vocals - particularly Pete's - are strained.  Townsend's lead riffing is stumbling, embarrassing. And Sally Simpson is  just plain missing.The boys sound like they're just hamming their way  through it because it is expected. Their hearts are clearly onto new  things. And those new things for late 1970 are the only saving grace to  this recording. Water - while lyrically inane - is at least performed with  some gusto. As is Naked Eye. But these two jewels in an otherwise tarnished  crown are hardly worth the price of admission."))
(1.0, (u'B0000039QD', u"During a cross-country trip last year, my brother played this album in the  car.... and after finishing (enduring, actually) the entirety of the album,  I suppressed my urge to pull the cd player and throw it away... I thought  to myself...my god, I thought MC Hammer was horrible enough, now this  talentless hack who's only saving grace from total comparison is the  almighty &quot;street cred.&quot; is filling the void (that doesn't need  filling actually) of hammer's deserved decline.  Not a single song in this  crap exhibited creativity and meaningful depth to it.  Before you dismiss  me as a rap music hater, I'd like to say that i enjoy listening to a tribe  called quest, the roots, and de la soul... Now those 3 artists are making  MUSIC.... Puff (fluff is more like it) daddy only recycles hits from the  80's and raps (godawful) about the usual stuff.... I advise buyers to stop  plunking your hard-earned cash and get something else... anything but this  stinking crap..."))
(1.0, (u'B000002NGS', u"The new VH singer has one speed: pained,  scratch-the-blackboard-with-your-nails alto. It is unfortunate that VH  wants the same good music that they enoyed with Sammy by replacing someone  who sounds like him. The fact is that Sammy CAN sing. His inflection in his  voice makes you want to sing along.The new singer, however, CANNOT  sing.VH has no concern, according to Eddie, if they sell CD's or not. I  don't care if Sammy wanted his own dressing room, or if Eddie kicked him  out because he was not a 'team player';  VH should take a lesson from Roth  and understand it is up to the fans to say if they should play another  note.I am a VH fan and hope that I will not live 'with out you'. Call  Sammy and fly 'higher and higher straight up you'll climb."))
(1.0, (u'B000002UL9', u"I don't see how anyone could enjoy this recent offering from a band that  is usually extremely creative and thought provoking. It is enough to send  any long time ryche fan spiraling into a deep depression wondering what  happened. As for any new listners I really don't see any captivating  intrigue here. My final assesment is that queensryche has assembled  everything that is lacking in music today and assembled it into one  meaningless album. All this from a band who made its career on breaking all  the rules and staying true to heart before caving in to the whims of a fad  induced culture."))
(1.0, (u'B000002UW9', u"I'm sorry to say, but the worst decision John Lennon ever made was to let  his wife Yoko sing(?!) on his albums. This double CD is even credited to  John &amp; Yoko; he was so enamoured with her, he'd let her do anything!  Let me start off by saying that the first CD is not bad.  It contains some  strong political statements and some soulful tunes.  &quot;Woman Is The  Nigger of The World&quot; is probably the best song on the album, and then  it just spirals downhill, with Lennon's tracks interspersed with ones  penned and sung by Yoko. Some of her songs on the first CD are bearable,  but it drags the overall quality of Lennon's stuff down.  Now, don't let me  get started on the second CD.  It was originally a bonus live record  released to accompany the studio album.  To sum the second CD up in one  word: Aaaaauuuugggghhhh!  Well, that seemed to suffice for Yoko to keep a  track going for 17 minutes!  This 'Live Jam' is the most frustrating,  noisy, pointless exercise in late-60's counter-culture revolution.  What  point was Yoko trying to make in the aforementioned lengthy piece, entitled  &quot;Don't Worry, Kyoko&quot;?  Why put us listeners through such torture?  If you want to make a statement, do so in a nice three minute song, with  LYRICS.  Not by a barrage of non-stop yelling and wailing, backed by a band  of musicians trying to outdo you.  Yoko even ruined what could've been a  good set - the second half of the CD in which Frank Zappa and the Mothers  of Invention appear.  I'm sorry, but stuff like this should be buried as a  time capsule and dug up every century or so to be laughed at, not be sold  to unsuspecting buyers who were unwittingly expecting to hear MUSIC.  John  Lennon had a reputation to uphold as one of the great talents of that  generation, and this offering has tainted that reputation for the worst.  I'm sorry, but those looking for an avant-garde mishmash can revel in this  one.  For those self respecting musically minded entertainment-seeking  people, who I'm sure most of us are - STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE! Oh, John,  WHHHHYYYY????Now that I've got that off my chest, a good (no,  excellent) John Lennon album would be &quot;Walls And Bridges&quot;.  At  least there, he had the sense not to let Yoko loose in the studio."))
(1.0, (u'B000001EPB', u"Lord of the Dance is an exploitive, fundamentally imperialistic piece of  work.  Unlike Riverdance, which managed to stay true to the tradition while  introducing new elements, Lord of the Dance wrenches all of its material  out of context and forces it towards one goal; glorification of Michael  Flatley.  I remember well the reviews in the Irish Times when the spectacle  first crawled out from under whatever rock it was born beneath, and I can't  make a better comment about the music than their reviewer, who said  something to the effect of &quot;it sounds as if the composer's only  familiarity with Irish traditional music came from listening to a couple of  old Horselips and Clannad albums.&quot;  If you care anything at all about  Irish music, don't buy this album.  Of course, if you're nothing but a  mindless twit who loves bombast and noise and hates heart and beauty..."))
(1.0, (u'B000005ISY', u"I could list any number of wrong things with this album- from Phish's lack  of musicality to the Dude of Life's lack of singing voice.  Let me start by  sayng that the Dude of Life is responsible for guiding Phish to some of  their loonier places in the first two albums (although none of his lyrics  appear on the later ones) and some of that lyric voice can be seen here.  Unfortunetly, it is set against a back drop of poor music by Phish,  clearly missing the lush arrangments of their other songs, and even ripping  off songs like &quot;Chalkdust Torture&quot; at some moments.  Added on to  that is the Dude of Life's animal-slaying i-sound-like-a-skinned-cat  singing voice which is painful to listen to at best.  Leave this one on the  shelf, and save yourself some cash."))
(1.0, (u'B000003CLS', u"As if I have to put up with enough grief living here in Nebraska, I now  have to deal with 311.  Once upon a time, 311 was a pretty good band.  Now  they are just pathetic.  They deserve a score less than one star.  The fan  base of 311 has fallen to the level of frat boys and 13 year old girls.  Hope they can sleep at night knowing that their skater punk, X-treme games  audience is growing up fast.  If any of the members of 311 happen to read  this review, I would offer a piece of advice.  Don't steal from Red Hot  Chili Peppers, the Beastie Boys or Rage Against the Machine any more 'cause  the sound is wearing thin.  Two, get in touch with a job service soon.  Your time in the music spotlight is running out fast."))
(1.0, (u'B000007S8J', u"Being a devoted Junkies fan and anxoiusly awaiting their new cd all I can  say is I feel lost.  Miles From Our Home is such an apt descrption of where  the junkies have gone.  Gone are the days of hearing a truely unique sound:  clear vocals, poetic lyrics, and oh that voice of Margo's.  And replaced  with what?  Margo's voice being muted by grating guitar backgrounds, and  melodies that can only be discribed as boring.  If this is the result of  growth or experimentation it was a great step backwards, no backwards is  exactly where this group needs to go.  For those who are new to this group  check out their earlier cd's and hear true genius.  They had their niche,  there was no one else to compete against them.  With this cd they have  thrown that away and joined the mainstream, a mainstream that is littered  with groups with this sound.  Too bad."))
(1.0, (u'B000005B00', u"After listening to 'Zoot Suit Riot' on the radio, I bought this and two  other Cherry Poppin Daddies CD's, wanting to support any neo-swing band.  Unfortunately, the CPD was nothing like I had hoped for. First of all,  'Zoot Suit Riot' is a great song, but the rest of the album sounds nothing  like it. As you go through the album, you can hear how the lead singer  changed his voice for ZSR to get that jazzy sound. His real voice, heard in  most of the other tracks, is squeaky, and quite annoying, to me. You might  be interested to find out that the CPD were originally a ska-type band, but  with the lead singer's voice, not a great one. Those who've listened to  older swing will be very disappointed with this album, it's like a  tourist's version of the music. It sounds like a bunch of guys just trying  to sound like a swing band, but they just don't have it. Get the ZSR single  instead, and most of all, don't waste your money buying their former  albums--it's not neo swing."))
(1.0, (u'B0000033P0', u"Pop Kulcher Reviews:  I wouldn't normally take the time to review a  relatively obscure title by a largely irrelevant band, but Tarkus has the  distinction of being perhaps the worst album I've ever bought.  And being a  child of the Seventies, I've bought some truly terrible albums (including  several by Barry Manilow and the Captain &amp; Tenille) -- but nothing as  obnoxiously annoying as these horrifying blurts of keyboard overkill.  If  there is anything redeeming about this album, it's the fact that it is not  so incredibly tacky as their career-ending Love Beach album, which features  the most horrifying cover photo you'll ever see."))
(1.0, (u'B000002VCV', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Even the most tie-dyed-in-the-wool Deadhead will  concede that the Dead's studio output fails to live up to their live glory.  Still, several Dead studio albums have some real merit, like the acoustic  roots-rock of American Beauty and Workingman's Dead, the dopey psychedelia  of Aoxomoxoa, and the jazzy melodicism of Wake of the Flood and Blues for  Allah.  Not so for Shakedown Street, an embarrassing product even by Dead  standards.  While few studio technicians have managed to capture the loose,  jamming style of the Dead on album, the sound and performance here is  particularly flat and lifeless.  You can almost picture some producer  standing in the sound booth yelling, &quot;Ok, one more time, only even  more devoid of passion and energy!&quot;  Not that the material itself has  much to offer:  no amount of energy and excitement was going to save  &quot;If I Had the World to Give&quot; or &quot;From the Heart of Me.&quot;  But even the better songs are completely lifeless.  Take the title track,  one of the highlights of their live show -- here, it's like warmed-over  disco, too chipper and sweet for its own good.  Ditto &quot;Fire on the  Mountain&quot;: live, it's an excuse for endless jamming; here, it's  suitable for the dentist's office.  And the fact that they took two cover  songs they'd been playing live since the mid-60's, &quot;Good Lovin'&quot;  and &quot;New Minglewood Blues,&quot; and reduced them to short, pointless  studio versions demonstrates just how strapped for new material they were.  Avoid this dud."))
(1.0, (u'B000002ART', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  This isn't really a Clash album -- Mick Jones, who  handled a sizable portion of the writing, guitars, and vocals, got the boot  after 1982's Combat Rock, leaving Joe Strummer (and bassist Paul Simonon)  to put together a makeshift band.  Still, given that Strummer was at least  as important to the band as Jones, no one could have predicted this piece  of garbage, perhaps the most astutely titled album in recent memory.  Unable to convey any real excitement through words or music, Strummer  instead tries to create punk anthems by turning every chorus into a  multi-layered shout-along.  But whereas almost every song on London Calling  was an anthem of sorts merely by virtue of strong lyrics and catchy hooks,  the manufactured rants of Cut the Crap fail miserably.  (The fact that the  band's manager co-wrote every song was not a good sign, either --  obviously, Jones carried more of the Strummer/Jones partnership than  Strummer was willing to admit.)  When they defensively sing &quot;We Are  The Clash,&quot; you can't help but think the band doth protest too much.  The album does offer up one glimmer of glory, the moving &quot;This is  England,&quot; but that tune alone doesn't merit buying this dreck.  (Unfortunately, none of the Clash compilations include the song.)"))
(1.0, (u'B000005ZFN', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  I had a brief flirtation with Jethro Tull during my  high school art-rock phase.  That pretty much ended with my purchase of  this record, a theatrical concept album with recurring lyrical and musical  themes, all of which I've long since forgotten.  It's packaged beautifully,  with an authentic looking playbill tucked into the center, which is  actually pretty cool -- that way you have something to look at while the  music plays.  Because, let's face it, while fans may rave about the depth  and creativity of this album, it's BORING.  Whoa, boy, is it boring.  And  silly.  Of course, it takes a monumentally dorky album to make its  predecessor, Thick as a Brick, seem hard-hitting, but, on that level,  Passion Play is a rousing success."))
(1.0, (u'B000003BEV', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  They may continue touring until they're 85, but it's  a pretty safe bet the Stones'll never play any of this stuff again.  In a  misguided attempt to match the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper album, the Stones  decided to try their hand at a psychedelic record full of drug-addled  lyrics, headphone-ready sound affects, and instrumental experimentation.  What they got is one of the most unintentionally funny albums of the  sixties.  Now, let's not be too unkind:  some of the Stones' ventures into  Summer of Love psychedelia are actually pretty enjoyable (such as  &quot;Child of the Moon&quot; and &quot;We Love You,&quot; non-album tracks  found on the More Hot Rocks compilation, as well as some of the stuff on  the Flowers album).  Even a few of the tracks here aren't without their  entertainment value (most notably &quot;She's a Rainbow&quot; and  &quot;2,000 Light Years from Home,&quot; both also found on More Hot  Rocks).  But unlike the Beatles, the Kinks, and the Who, all of whom had a  well-developed whimsical side, the Stones were at heart a rough-edged  r&amp;b band, and their delivery of this stuff just doesn't work.  Indeed,  if Syd Barret's Pink Floyd, or some lesser psychedelic band like, say, the  Tommy James &amp; The Shondells or the Strawberry Alarm Clock, had made  this album, it might've been good clean fun.  But listening to Jagger growl  through deep-space lyrics while Richards' guitar riffs bump into various  goofy keyboard effects, you can't help but giggle at the total mismatch of  musical styles here."))
(1.0, (u'B0000025ZF', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Unlike some Pink Floyd fans, I think that, for all  its faults, the Waters-dominated The Wall album is a masterpiece.  Even The  Final Cut, an album so unenjoyable I haven't listened to it in years, is a  major accomplishment on an artistic and lyrical level.  Which was why I was  so mortified when I bought Waters' solo debut back in 1984.  Sure, the  sound is fantastic, the lyrics are deep, the performance (which includes  Eric Clapton on guitars) is slick -- but it's just so dumb, dumb, dumb.  And dull, dull, dull.  Let's face facts -- Waters wouldn't know a melody if  it were attached to a giant billboard reading, &quot;Yo, Roger, here's a  melody!&quot;  The album is so plodding and tuneless (with the exception of  the [almost] catchy title track) that it renders the lyrics, however  incisive an analysis of sexual politics they may seem on paper (and,  frankly, I'm not convinced there's all that much &quot;there&quot; there)  pointless.  David Gilmour's post-Waters output (I refuse to dignify them  as &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; albums) may be silly and inconsequential, but at  least it isn't painful to listen to -- confirming that Gilmour, while not  much of a songwriter, at least helped keep some of Waters' pretentions in  check when they were in Floyd together."))
(1.0, (u'B0000026RL', u"Pop Kulcher Review:  Back in '89, the clever, folky &quot;Closer to  Fine&quot; was a breath of fresh air on the cluttered airwaves (modern rock  radio was in a bit of a lull, eagerly awaiting the arrival of some sort of  salvation, which came two years later in the form of Nirvana).  Even today,  I find the single a catchy, well-written ditty which rises above its lofty  pretentions.  But the rest of the album is a bloated, grating affair which  throws words at you and begs to be understood.  Mind you, I like my music  to be intelligent and even literary at times, but this album feels like an  English lit college lecture from a long-winded professor.  Dull pedantry."))
(1.0, (u'B000002VRX', u'Kenny G has proven himself to be one of the most unimaginitive musicians  to ever be committed to record. His work personifies everything that IS NOT  characteristic of definitive and enduring work. The music is insipid,  sacharrine, unoriginal and pedestrianistic. It is the equivalant to music  what a bag of Cheetoes are to the human diet: of very little nutritional  value, composed of very artificial ingrediants and VERY, VERY CHEESEY! One  reviewer stated that this album was &quot;perfect to fall asleep to.&quot;  I have to agree with that though not for the same reasons. To be soothed is  not synonymous with being bored beyond all recognition. To place Kenny G in  the Jazz section is to associate him with a great lineage... a position of  which he has neither earned nor deserves. This is mediocre music for  mediocre people who live very harmless lives and have rather inoccuous  thoughts concerning uninteresting topics. Is it any wonder why this guy  sells so many records? Some people who bought his &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;  album also purchased Celine Dion so that should explain it.'))
(1.0, (u'B000002HOK', u"I'm sure this is a great album, that is, if you're the kind of person who  thinks modern rock radio is great and Jim Breuer is funny, in other words,  HAS NO TASTE. It just gets me really pissed off that radio can generally  ignore incredible bands like Radiohead and Blur, and overplay junk like  this and Matchbox 20. Go do yourself a favor and buy &quot;OK  Computer&quot; if you want to hear good music. If you want commercial  &quot;alternative&quot; pop music from people who can't play their  instruments or write a mildly intelligent lyric, 3rd Eye Blind is for you.  Go ahead and mail me if you want."))
(1.0, (u'B000006OWY', u"After hearing Rockafeller Skank by Fatboy Slim, I purchased this CD  because I thought it was going to be filled with rave techno and  such...Well it's not, it's composed mostly from Rap-remixes which really  made me say &quot;Dammit! This CD sucks, I want my money back!!!&quot;  Not only is this CD loaded with talenteless compilations, MTV has the nerve  to edit original lyrics out of many songs!!! (which makes them even less  original) Even though I dislike these songs, out of respect for the  artists, I do believe that a song should stay in it's original composition  (hell, would you stand for a great Van Gogh or Warhol masterpiece that has  black tape over &quot;indecent&quot; areas?!?!?!) Who's to say what is  appropriate in music?...they sure arent, the artist is.  So to sum it  all up, this CD sucks, and it's probably the fault of the money-hungry  sellout known as MTV, who is trying to form every type of music into one  mold that we call &quot;Top 40&quot;."))
(1.0, (u'B000007SBD', u"I had previously purchased the first Other Voices, Other Rooms CD, and was  mostly impressed with the song selection and presentation of material.  With that in mind, I purchased the second Other Voices, Too, but was sadly  disappointed.  For an artist who has written, performed, and recorded so  many quality pieces of music I couldn't help but wonder why Nanci chose the  selection of music for this CD?  In addition, I found it incredibly  annoying when Nanci would force country twang and/or drawl on select  lyrics.  If you're thinking of buying this CD, try to listen to it before  you pay."))
(1.0, (u'B000009OGW', u"Yeah, 'Exile In Guyville' was a nice debut -- the right album at the right  time.  But her follow up 'Whip Smart' failed to convince me that she was  going or growing anywhere.  'Whitechocolatespaceegg' reaffirmed my  suspicions that Liz Phair is, at best, a mediocre pop artist.  Whatever  elements of her anger and angst that might be hinted at in her lyrics seem  ersatz. She lacks the energy to be a rocker, the musicianship to be  virtuoso, and the conviction to be an icon.  There are probably a lot of  might-have-been Liz Phairs writing advertising jingles out on Madison  Avenue right now.  And some of those jingles have got more soul than any  cut on this album."))
(1.0, (u'B000003ETQ', u"This is an awful, awful recording of Rachmaninof's wonderful work.  It is  overblown, way way too staccatto in many spots, disjointed, etc. etc. etc.  Buy the movie, that's fine: it was a great movie.  But do not buy any of  his recordings.  They are horribly played and are exploitative.  I suggest,  for the concerto, the Andre Watts recording.  As a musician, I am offended  that people will make a pity-purchase and get this, while there are many,  many young artists putting as much or more work into what they are doing as  Mr. Helfgott and being completely ignored by the public.  Don't let the  media brainwash you!"))
(1.0, (u'B00000638Q', u".  .  that is, to find out if you are all as dull as this  &quot;music&quot; is.  It's like, if you never hear anyone say: the three  things I look for in a band is a) they have to make the most painfully  ordinary and uninteresting music in order to please my safe tastes, b) they  have to aimlessly meander with this boring sound until it tap dances on  your last nerve and c) they have to be uninteresting people themselves,  then why does music need The Dave Matthews Band??  My friend inexplicably  likes these guys for some reason, so being the open minded guy I am, I  borrowed this CD off of him and listened to nearly every song.  My  conclusion?? Like the Grateful Dead, Beck and The Violent Femmes, I just  don't get it.  And I don't get you guys and gals either.The only song  that I found even remotely listenable was &quot;Don't Drink the  Water&quot;, since it's got a harder edge than most of the others, but even  that gets grating after a while.  The last straw was &quot;Spoon&quot;,  because once I heard Alanis' whiny voice, I nearly threw the disc against a  wall.  The rest of the music is exactly what I expected: Forgettable and  tepid, suitable for the MTV and bar set.  I'm sorry, I'm into weird and  wonderful, and the music of the DMB has the aesthetic value of the Sears  lumber department."))
(1.0, (u'B00000AFXM', u"Growing up with Scooby and the gang on Saturday mornings, I was greatly  looking forward to a collection of music from the show. Other Hanna-Barbera  compilations from Rhino have provided an enjoyable trip back through  childhood memories, but only teased us with ride in the Mystery Machine.  You can understand my excitement when picking up this album and the  disappointment that came upon listening to it. With all the material Rhino  and Cartoon Network had to choose from, they picked some of the worst. The  most disappointing cuts are the unmemorable 60's tunes that ran behind some  of the gang's chase scenes. The best are the theme songs from the various  incarnations of the show and the voice clips used as bumpers between cuts.  This would have been a much better album had they just included the  instrumental underscore to the show, which most of us can recall at the  drop of a hat. Even one of my favorite tunes, Jerry Reed's &quot;Pretty  Mary Sunlite&quot;, was not the actual production cut used on the show.  Maybe I was simply expecting too much. My advice: listen before you buy."))
(1.0, (u'B000006DI6', u"Asking Jimmy Buffett to come up with a meaningful (and successful)  Broadway musical makes for a convincing argument that artists shouldn't  cross crafts.  Did anyone ever really expect Groucho to carry a tune?  Should Pavarotti be seen in a mosh pit?  The B-52's crooning a love song?  Jim Morrison reading poetic verse?Some chimerical optimisms need to be  abandoned.  Streisand to one day understate a lyric, Robert Smith to have a  &quot;good hair day,&quot; or the Wu-Tang Clan to find humility.When  Buffett's book, Where Is Joe Merchant? landed on the New York Times  bestseller list, somehow, that was believable.  Our culture usually gives  authors instant credibility.  Doesn't everyone have a story to tell?  We  bought that one like a pioneer clamoring for the elixir from the traveling  medicine man during the Gold Rush ... couldn't get the money out of the  pocket fast enough.  But a musical about a Broadway press agent, Norman  Paperman, seeking escape to a tropical paradise?  That's where we have to  draw the line in the Caribbean sand.Yes, the idea of a play with a  carnival island atmosphere could pass through Immigration.  But then comes  the &quot;litmus test&quot; for substance and quality ... and that is where  Jimmy Buffett studio albums have been falling short for some time.Instead of dry docking in New York for makeup and dance lessons, maybe  the challenge should be to write more songs with the nautical wisdom of  &quot;Coast of Marseilles,&quot; &quot;Changing Channels,&quot;or &quot;I  Have Found Me A Home.&quot;  Or if you'd rather remain a cynical spokesman  for the Parrotheads, give us another &quot;Carnival World,&quot; or &quot;I  Heard I Was In Town.&quot;  They were great for uplifting the  spirit.Broadway can be a real sell-out of the soul, just investigate the  stories behind A Chorus Line.  Although Paul Simon's musical, Capeman, also  fell creatively short, at least his play had the purpose of a crusade, a  story that made the New York papers a couple decades ago - a story that had  to be told.Once a philosopher for society dropouts, playwright Jimmy  Buffett should cash in his sheet music for the manuscript containing the  words, &quot;To thine own self be true,&quot; and stop sucking Banana Wind."))
(1.0, (u'B000007NAY', u"Gloria Estefan's newest release, &quot;Gloria!&quot;, is the worst  performance of her career. The CD, which &quot;features&quot; 16 tracks, is  in reality a continuous dance mix. For someone who has written and  performed many great songs over the years, this was a very poor quality  disc. I was expecting new songs with some lyrical quality and top-rate  musicianship. What did I get? BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM, that annoying  synthesized drum backbeat along with a lot of cheap keyboard sounds. What  happened to the Miami Sound Machine band? They were a top-rate group, hot,  tight, and exciting. This was more evidence that Gloria is a singular  entity, and not a group effort anymore. There were three things that really  irritated me about this CD. One, I paid $16.99 for it. Two, I only got a  lousy two bucks for it when I sold it back to my local used CD store. (of  course, maybe the clerk had heard it, too.....) Third, I had to listen to  the whole 72 minutes of it. Folks, if you want to hear some great music by  Gloria, pull out your copy of &quot;Cuts Both Ways&quot;. You won't find  anything good here. Save your money!  drum backbeat"))
(1.0, (u'B000009EEE', u"I'm a huge Trisha fan.  Her work with Garth Fundis always struck the  perfect balance between radio-friendly fodder and soul-baring substance.  However, this first project with co-producer Tony Brown  is a disaster.  I  had to listen to it twice before I could actually believe Trisha had  released something of so little substance.  The album tries it's best to be  about something, but the slow, tedious selections she includes are like  latter-day Ronstadt: insignificant metaphors and storylines being sung with  more vocal acrobatics than necessary, all to hide the inherent weakness in  the material.  Yearwood's taste isn't as good as it used to be, I'm sad to  say.  Maybe she should take some lessons from her contemporaries Pam Tillis  and Patty Loveless when selecting material."))
(1.0, (u'6304622821', u"This looks like it could be a fun movie.  It has Jackie as a rich master  who tricks a warrior with magical powers into fighting his evil wife and  her 4 magical bodyguards.Unfortunately the presentation totally ruins  the movie.  The opening credits are presented in the correct 2.35 aspect  ratio, but immediately afterwards, the picture reverts to a panned and  scanned image that ruins the fight scenes, which are the only reason to buy  the disc to begin with.On top of that, unless you're a Chinese speaker,  you have to settle for an English dubbed version with no subtitles or  closed captioning.  Considering the capabilities DVD possess for including  multiple sets of subtitles and languages, this is most disappointing.  END"))
(1.0, (u'B000003PW0', u"and narcissism of Britpop culture in the 70's and 80's as well as Midge.  Who knows whether he deserves a footnote in the history books for his role  in Live Aid? I am certain he only deserves a mention in the chapters on  flatulence, shallowness and irrelevance in any credible pop music history.  And yet, Dancing With Tears In My Eyes does lodge itself in that unerasable  jukebox in the memory and you can't avoid a waft of nostalgia at the  lyrical insights of &quot;Answers To Nothing.&quot;  This collection  assembles much of the output of Midge's tenure with Ultravox as well as the  hummable hits of his solo career. Would it be going too far to describe it  as vile and loathsome?  I think not."))
